I thank you mr. chairman I thank the ranking member mr. McCall for this hearing and I want to think and welcome all of our witnesses today as well we're honored of course to be joined for this first panel by dr. Alfred munzur and a survivor of the Holocaust one of the most unimaginable tragedies in human history and dr. Lipstadt who has fought for decades to end the phenomenon of Holocaust denial ISM this monday marked Holocaust Remembrance Day and I was able to stand in solidarity with st. Louis's Jewish community including six Holocaust survivors and in a tribute to the six million victims of the Holocaust the st. Louis Holocaust Museum and Learning Center announced its very first expansion in 25 years made possible in part by a federal grant that we were able to work on with them from the National Endowment of humanities the Jewish community of st. Louis is working to ensure the lessons of the Holocaust are never forgotten and to give the next generation the tools to end genocide and atrocities it grieves and shocks me that anti-semitism is rising again in Europe in the US and in fact across the world the United States and its European partners must be leaders in examining the root causes of this hateful ideology and ending its influence we remember the millions of victims of genocide throughout history and we commit to working toward the day when genocide and mass atrocities crimes are inconceivable as decades past and new strains of anti-semitism emerge the testimonies of survivors liberators and witnesses take on an even greater significance so many in our community are stepping up to educate the next generation about the horrors of the Holocaust and I believe we in Congress have the same responsibility genocide is preventable we are very good in the u.s. at response on side but genocide is preventable anti-semitism and other forms of discrimination can be overcome we are haunted by repeated failures and missed opportunities to end these tragedies before they begin there is more the United States can do and must do to help vulnerable communities and persecuted people around the world dr. Munzer and dr. Lipstadt thank you for your courage and your dedication again we are honored to have you here I look forward to your testimonies and to the testimonies of our second panel of experts as well I thank you mr. chairman and I yield back