Well, hi, everyone. I just  wanted to hop on today to  provide a campaign update and  talk a little bit more about  the need to keep this seat in  Iowa red in November. I am  excited to be the Republican  nominee in Iowa's new second  congressional district. I am  humbled by everyone's support  for our campaign. We truly have  the best volunteers and the  best grassroots army out there  possible. Um we've been out  there to every single corner of  the district. We've been out  talking with voters, hearing  about their concerns and prior  and just a few weeks ago, we  officially filed for  reelection, submitting over 6,  600 signatures from all 22  counties. Uh it's clear this  wouldn't have been possible  without the support from our  team of volunteers from all  over Northeast Iowa. There's a  lot of enthusiasm to keep this  seat red but that doesn't mean  we can take anything for  granted and my team isn't going  to do so. We've always run like  we're behind. So, we have a  strong path forward to taking  back the Republican majority in  the House this November we have  to put a stop to the far left  agenda. But we can't take our  foot off the gas for even a  second. And that is because  Speaker Pelosi has her eye on  this seat. I have been one of  the speaker's worst nightmares  in Congress. There is truly  nothing. Nancy Pelosi hates  more than strong conservative  women taking her to task. And  that's what I've been doing  every single day for you in  Washington DC. So it's no  surprise. She is targeting the  seat. We have a tough race  ahead us and they doubted us  last time. They said there's no  way she can flip this seat red  but we did. We're going to keep  it red again together. And I  plan to get out there and earn  every single vote. I won't be  outworked. Our team will do  what it takes to win this  election and keep our seat red.  We can't take back the house in  November if we don't keep this  seat red. And we have to take  back the house. There's just  too much at stake with the  direction of our country. Right  now Americans are suffering  under what I call the triple  threat of democratic  leadership. President Biden's  first year in office has been a  failure, a radical failure. Uh  as a result, prices are spiking  half faster than they have in  four years. Americans are  struggling to afford their  everyday lives. Our border is  open. Illegal immigration is  surging and illegal drugs are  flowing into our communities.  Parents are being silenced and  are being told that they can't  have a say in their kids'  education. The government is  not listening Our neighborhoods  are less safe. Crime is spiking  across the country. Our way of  life in rural America is under  attack. With increased  regulation. And our reputation  is diminished on the world  stage. After the bot withdrawal  in Afghanistan and now with  what we're seeing with Putin's  invasion of sovereign Ukraine.  So I want to be very clear  here. These are not  coincidences. These are the  predictable results of weak  America last policies. And if  we don't fire Speaker Pelosi in  November they will just double  down on these failed policies.  That as you and know are  quickly taking our country down  the wrong path. So, a lot at  stake with this election in  November. Now, despite the  problems and the challenges  that we face, every single day,  when we wake up, we are blessed  to be Americans. we're blessed  to be Iowans, and I know I'll  never take that for granted  because I believe our country  is worth fighting for. The next  generation is worth fighting  for and that is why I'm running  for reelection to fight for  that next generation, to fight  for Iowa, and to for our  country. So we're going to keep  fighting. We're going to keep  winning. But I can't do it  without you and your help. So  please help our campaign. If  you'd be willing to chip in $5,  20 bucks, $50. I'd be  incredibly grateful. Uh whether  it's helping to fill up our  tank with these increased gas  prices so we can get out in the  district. Um or making sure  that everyone who wants one can  get a Ashley Hinson for  Congress yard sign like you see  behind me on display. Um I  promise to always use the  resources that invest in our  campaign wisely because I  understand that's your money. I  operate that way in DC. It's  your money. It's not the  government's money. Also, you  can visit my website today if  you'd like to volunteer. We  have a coalition. We just  started like Moms for Ashley,  Farmers for Ashley. You can  also sign up for our weekly  newsletter to get updates from  out on the campaign trail but  anything you can do to help our  campaign is greatly  appreciated. It takes us one  step closer to keeping this  seat red and firing Nancy  Pelosi as speaker in November.  So, we have a lot of work to do  but with you on our side, we  know we can cross that finish  line first. So, thank you so  much for tuning in today.  Please visit our campaign  website, Ashley Henson. com and  god bless 