Well, good morning everyone and  thank you so much for joining  us for this episode of Hot Seat  with Henson. I'm Congresswoman  Ashley Henson and it is my  pleasure today to welcome  Governor Scott Walker from  Wisconsin. Um he is our special  guest today to talk about a  very important organization  that he's involved with. Um  obviously, two-term governor in  Wisconsin, also helped whether  some storms for taxpayers as I  like to call it. Uh you were on  the front lines for that but  now you're trying to work to  engage young people with Young  America's Foundation. So, thank  you so much governor for  joining us this morning. Um  feel free to introduce yourself  to people who may not be  familiar with you but I think  most Iowans certainly know who  you are. Well, it's my  pleasure. It's good to be good  be good to be with fellow  Midwesters and actually I spent  some time as you know in Iowa.  Uh I went from third grade on I  lived in Delavan, Wisconsin, a  small town in South Central  Wisconsin but from 1970 to  1971, my dad was a pastor and  Plainfield, Iowa a town of  about 450 just north of Waverly  and in fact, we first moved  there, there was a farmer down  the road who was our state  representative and then  Congressman, a guy by the name  of Chuck Grassley. So, it's  kind of funny how things come  full circle but we we were  proud to live there. Again, it  was living in a small town. My  my third grade teacher, missus  Balsley, still lives on the  farm just outside of town and  we occasionally get back to  Plainfield but it's an honor to  be with you. Today, it was my  honor to serve for two-ter  governor and now to be  president of Young America's  Foundation which simply put  trends the next generation of  freedom fighters. Yeah. How  important is it to really  engage with the younger  generation because obviously we  talk a lot about civics  education and inspiring people  to to care about what happens  whether it's here in Washington  DC or in state government back  home. So how important is it  and how are you truly  connecting with our young  people so that we can have that  engagement? Yeah our  organization YF started with  Linda, Buckley, Ronald Reagan  was one of the early leaders of  the 1960s before he even took  office. We started as a  college-focused organization  and we still that pre-covid  supported students on over 2000  campuses. But in 98 when we  took over the Reagan Ranch out  in California, we extended that  program into high school and  now we're actually starting to  go even in the middle school  and whether it's through YF  which people want to learn more  about it, they can go to  YF.org. Whether it's through  our organization, through  College Republican, General  Republicans, your local party  some sort of conservative group  in your community. It's  whatever format you use, it's  incredibly important because  cancel culture is real and the  reason that the left is pushing  cancel culture, particularly,  not just in our colleges but in  our schools, not only our our  government-run schools but even  increasingly private and and  sometimes so-called  Christian-based schools,  they're pushing this cancel  culture where anybody who has  any sort of mainstream  conservative ideas, don't even  have a voice whether it's a  speaker, whether it's a  student. Sometimes in a limited  number of cases, even educators  are cancelled out because the  left doesn't want to compete in  the battle of ideas and so, the  more people can get engaged and  if you got a a son or a  daughter, maybe a grandson,  granddaughter, niece, or  nephew, just a neighbor kid. Uh  we'd love to get him involved  in our programs. We have him  the Raven Ranch. We actually in  the Midwest now have the Reagan  boy at home at Dixon, Illinois  which is not too far from Iowa,  Wisconsin and of course, we  have programs Virginia, the DC  area, and all across the  country. So, it's more  important ever to be involved  with young people. Yeah and  it's so important to start  talking again about those  principles and and truly  educating our young people  about what it means to be  conservative and and how that  really will help us to preserve  this country for the long term  and for other generations to  come. That's something I'm  talking to my children about  and my boys are 10 8 and I want  there to be a country like what  what I've grown up in, right?  In Iowa, I've I truly believe  that you can have it all and  freedom really an opportunity  are are what we value in this  country and what we've seen  here in Washington DS DC  especially governor has been  just an assault on those values  and assault on our  constitutional freedoms and so  I think it's absolutely  critical we start talking with  with our young people with our  children all through high  school and then obviously  engaging them after that when  they leave home. Um that's  where we see a lot of the the  challenges is you know, when  when students go to  universities and they're just  being indoctrinated with  liberal rhetor and that's  that's not American to not have  those counterpoints of view and  to be able to really have a  dialogue. Um so, when you talk  about cancel culture, it's  really about eliminating that  fair dialogue of ideas and I,  Washington DC could use a  little bit more of that and so  could our our our young people.  So, you know, we've seen a lot  of really harmful, harmful  policies move through the BBB.  I I call it Biden's Big bust  because you talk about tax  policy and how important it is  to not have government in your  life from cradle to grave. Um  that's what that bill  eventually will do. It sets up  more than 150 new government  programs and it includes the  words, you know, tax fee and  penalty hundreds of times. I  think Americans need to be  waking up to this. Um whether  you're of you know, the older  generation or the younger  generation. Well, the younger  generation is going to be  paying for it and you're right  about college campuses. I've  often sadly had to joke over  the last year that if we were  to shut down the college  campuses again, we do more to  stop the the the spread of  communism than we would to stop  the spread of covid-19 but but  sadly that's where our campuses  and even many of our our high  school platforms are. You know  one of our one of the programs  we do is a tip line that we  have for campuses across the  country. And one of the tips we  got early last early this year  I should say back in January.  It's almost a year ago was from  a student at Iowa State. And  this student gave us a tip not  about the campus but about the  local school district. Uh where  They were partnering with BLM,  the organization going into  Black History Month. I think  with nothing against Black  History, I want people to learn  about Harriet Tubbs. I want  people to learn about Frederick  Douglas. I wanted people to  learn about the great Patriots  out there as as well as people  like Washington and Lincoln and  Reagan. But this was not about  Black History. This was BLM's  week of action where they were  aggressively pushing their  radical indoctrination. So much  so that they were actually  giving preschool and  kindergarten students a  coloring pages with transgender  character telling them they  could pick where they wanted to  be a boy or girl or somewhere  in between. This is how early  this indoctrination is going on  and so we've gotta counter  that. Now, the one bit of  optimism for people who hear  about this and go, oh my gosh,  what can we do? This is out of  control. I I'll tell you,  cancel culture is real because  the left knows, our ideas work  and it's why they're trying to  hide people from that. Last  year, right before Covid hit,  one of the last speeches I gave  as a speaker for Young  America's Foundation, not as  the president as a speaker was  at Stanford and one of the  three students who helped  organize it was I I went and  met with all three of them and  said, you know, how'd you  become a conservative? Two of  the three very traditional but  the one student that struck me  was the one named John whose  parents were both Democrats. He  learned to be a conservative by  driving in his dad's truck,  listening to the radio. It just  happened to be Rush Limbaugh.  As he did that, he learned  more. He read the things Rush  talked about. He went to  college, got involved in  college Republic and with the  YF chapter brought me on  campus, that story is great in  or of itself Even more so,  Congressman, you'll appreciate  this. John just happens to be  the son of Susan Rice who  worked for President Obama and  now works for Joe Biden. If if  her son, if John can become a  full-fledged conservative just  by hearing the truth, there's  no wonder they're trying to  hide the truth from everyone  else out there because we can  win. We just gotta get to more  students and we gotta get to  them at younger ages and let  them know the facts about the  things you're fighting for  Washington. Right. Again, this  is fact based. As you said,  it's really about educating and  and informing and engaging and  so I think that's admirable  what you're trying to do across  the country. So, for for  parents watching, for our young  people who might be watching or  might watch this after, what's  your message to them about how  to engage with Young America's  Foundation? Well, go to YF.org.  We have conferences. We bring  in speakers. Uh lot of our  young people first learned  about us through things like  Ben Shapiro, Michael Knowles,  Alicia Kraus Rachel Campbell,  Stuffy, Katie Pavlich, Katie  Pablich who's often on the five  and other Fox Base programs.  For example, she came to the  Reagan Ranch 13 years ago as a  student. Didn't know what she  was going to do with her life  and was totally transformed by  that program. So, we'd love to  have high school, college, and  coming this year, even middle  school students. In their case,  they'd actually come with their  parents but for college and  high school students, they get  to come on their own out to the  Reagan Ranch in Santa Barbara.  We've got a Freedom Conference  for college students coming up  this February in Atlanta. We  have conferences all over the  country and as I mentioned  before, we we now have not just  have control of the boy at home  where Ronald Reagan grew up in  Dixon, Illinois before he went  off to Eureka and eventually,  worked for a few years in Iowa  on the radio. That's right.  WHO. Yes. In Des Moines. Yup.  Exactly. So, he had a a great  history throughout the Midwest  but we now bring students in  for conferences. We we have  conferences and free enterprise  and economics and traditional  conser values, all the sorts of  things that you just talked  about the the BBB. Um the the  fact that so many are college  probably missed those sessions  when it came to economics  because they don't understand  it doesn't cost nothing. It's  going to cost us trillions of  dollars not just in present  term dollars but but even more  so when the young people we're  talking about today have to pay  that bill in the future. Those  are the sorts of things that we  talk about. And we're actually  doing not only with students  we've been reaching out and  helping educators. We started  working with the Doctor Art  Laffer in Hillsdale College and  doing a program to help train  educators. We're going to train  future journalists. We're  training new state lawmakers.  So, we're trying to get that  message out as many ways as  possible. Again, YAF.ORG if  people are interested. We'd  love to sign people up. Yeah.  I'm pleased as a former  journalist myself to hear you  talking about training  journalists because I think  about my time I spent, you  know, more than 10 years as a  as a morning news anchor and  journalist and reporter and one  of the things I always try do  as I had producers come  through. I was, you know, in a  medium-sized TV market. So, we  had producers coming through  all the time and going on to to  bigger and better places but it  was interesting, you know, I  always tried to say, hey, look,  if you want to present this  side, that's fine but you need  to really be presenting this  side as well. Um it's about  giving that context and that  perspective on both sides and  that balance is absolutely  crucial. Um that's why I I  really applaud what you're  trying to do to to help engage  and and inform our young  people. So, it's absolutely  crucial to the future of our  country that we do this. So,  Governor Walker thank, you so  much for joining us for this  episode of Hot Seat with Henson  and again, go to YAF.org to  find out more about the  organization doing great things  with our young conservatives  across the country. So, thanks  again for joining us today.  Everybody, 