Well, good morning everyone and  thank you so much for joining  us. This is another edition of  Hot Seat with Hinson. So,  appreciate you all tuning in  this morning. Uh we have a very  special guest with us today, a  familiar face to many in the  state of Iowa. Um served in the  Iowa House of Representatives  and has been serving as our  statewide party chair, Chairman  Jeff Kaufman, thank you so much  for joining us this morning.  It's great to have you and  great to great to be with you  even if it's not in person. So,  how's how's everything back in  Iowa? It's cold out here but I  gotta tell ya the second  district, the new second  district, never never seemed  sweeter up there when we got  confident leadership and your  presence everywhere and every  place. I gotta tell you, it's a  it's a it's a real honor to be  here with you, Congresswoman.  Well, well, thank you so much  and obviously, we have a lot to  talk about today but first and  foremost, obviously, I've been  in office just over a year. Um  wanted to talk a little bit  about what you're hearing on  the ground because you traveled  through the entire state. Um I  traveled through my my current  district which is 20 counties  and the new district which will  be 22 counties in Northeast  Iowa but we've heard  consistently from from my  constituents and my my new you  know areas as well my new  counties that people are very  frustrated with what's  happening with this  administration in Washington DC  whether it's 40 year high  inflation whether it's the  crisis at the border the  workforce and supply chain  crisis that are a direct result  of the blind eye that this  administration is turning to  policies that actually fix  these problems. Policies we  continue to to promote and  introduce here in Washington DC  to what's happening on the  global stage. Which we know  obviously our weakness is being  capitalized on in in obviously  with what's happening with  Russia but also what's  happening with China. So I  continue to hear from Iowans  about rising costs of  utilities, gas, bacon, all of  those things that people, you  know, bring up when when I'm  out doing my town halls. Jeff,  what you hearing when you  travel through the state? Uh  you know, let me answer that  broadly and then narrow it. Uh  you know, we were during the  campaign in 2020, we we warned  what could happen with Joe  Biden. And you know, I think  sometimes people think,  alright, is that campaign  rhetoric? Uh, so that you'll  vote, you know, the other way,  or is there some reality? I, I  think people are, taken back,  and sorely disappointed. I, I  would say saddened by the fact  that every single thing that we  warned about is coming true and  then some. I mean, this, this  worse than what I think anybody  could have anticipated. Um  that, you know, the just the  absolute utter neglect, the out  of touch, the fact that that we  clearly have a president that's  not addressing these issues and  we have a congress that's  that's that's in a mode of, of,  of coastal governance.  California, New York, and a, I,  I tell you, it's, there's real  fear, there's real trepidation  out there on the on inflation.  I can't tell you I know  Congresswoman, you've heard it  too. The the supply chain  issues out there. The wait  times from everything from  gravestones, I had somebody  talking to me about that the  other day. They've been waiting  for seven months for a  gravestone for their loved one,  for that closure, all the way  to building materials, and the  cost on that that's increasing  dramatically in every facet of  people's lives. Um I think  people are are still amazed,  stunned, about happened in  Afghanistan. I mean, that  that's something that just it  it's hard to shake that. I  mean, you you wake up and you  even think about the issue and  people are telling me, my  goodness, I can't take my, I  can't take my mind off the  people that we left behind. I  can't take my mind off the  Afghan women and and and the  horrors that must be occurring  there. And so, whether it be in  Afghanistan or right there in  your home with increasing cost,  people have some real angst.  And then, you know, the the  influx of crime it it's it it's  it's a troubling time and I I  have to tell you the you  juxtapose Biden and Nancy  Pelosi and you juxtapose that  with the messages that we're  hearing from Joni Ernst and the  message that we're hearing from  you quite frankly and it's a  message where you you're  obviously listening. I mean,  you you can, I mean, you you  can tell when somebody's using  talking points versus someone  that's out there and saying, I  talk to this person, Alan McKee  County. Yes, in Lynn County the  other day. It's so obvious. Uh  Congresswoman that are  listening and that you want to  turn things around. And the  other thing I I I think that  that gives people hope. I I  actually talked to Kevin  McCarthy a couple of weeks ago.  And I I just gotta tell you I I  hope that your district the  first now and soon to be the  second realizes how big your  voice is in DC. I mean it it's  it's an outside voice. And I'm  I'm I'm telling you from  somebody that heard it straight  from the minority leader soon  to be the majority leader. So I  guess what I'm hearing quite  frankly is a lot of angst. It's  more personal than I'm used to  hearing. but I gotta tell you,  your message and it's it's  paying off for your district.  You having your ear to the  ground. I I just can't I you're  a ray of you're a ray of hope  and I and that's not an  overstate. Well, I appreciate  those kind words but really  it's about, you're right. It is  about listening to our  constituents and telling those  stories in Washington DC and  you talk about the angst. I  heard it at my town hall I just  did recently in Jones County  where people are talking about  their and utility bills. We've  had people sending in copies of  their bills. Um one constituent  called me and said, hey, by the  way, our bills $150 more this  January than it was last  January. I mean, that's a huge  increase that clearly is a  direct result of policies that  changed day one under this  administration. We're not  energy independent. Um we have  again, crisis after crisis and  instead of actually considering  policies that would help to  alleviate the pain at the pump,  you know, looking to our fuels  industry. For example, a ready  solution which we've been  talking. You talk about having  a loud voice. We're we're very  loud working with Senator Ernst  obviously on a lot of these  issues to amplify our voice  from Iowa. Um but it it's  critical that we have strong  leadership from Iowa to tell  those stories out here in  Washington DC. I I really  appreciated what you said about  the coastal governance, Jeff,  because with Speaker Pelosi,  they again continue to double  down on these Democrat  socialist policies that will  continue to take our country in  the wrong erection. Uh we're  out here in DC. We're getting  ready to go back to the Florida  vote for I think they've got  six or seven hours of votes  scheduled for us this evening.  But on on a bill that would  concede to China. Instead of  actually holding China  accountable and doing what we  need to do. Again on that  global stage to make sure that  we are a nation that is  respected and that people  around the world know they  can't mess with the United  States of America. Instead of  that we are going to be voting  on a bill that mentions the  word coral more times than it  matches the word China. Um that  is not what the American people  deserve. It's certainly not  what the Chinese people who are  subject to you know human  rights abuses and and you know,  extremism in their country. Um  it's certainly not what they  expect us to do to stand up for  for freedom. Um and so I I  think we have again 3, 000 page  bill with a lot of mixed up  priorities. They didn't get it  done with the BBB so they're  trying to shovel a lot of the  the climate change policies  into a bill that does nothing  to hold China accountable. And  it's indicative of all of the  problems that are happening  right now under Speaker  Pelosi's leadership. If you  want to call it that here in  Washington DC. So, in my mind,  obviously, I'm going to  continue to tell those stories.  Shout out to the Raptors loud  and proud. Continue to offer  solutions that are Iowa common  sense. Um I tell people all the  time, I'm the mom with the  minivan. I still drive my same  minivan that has over 180, 000  miles on it because you know, I  think it's important that  people understand, I am with  you and I hear you and I'm  going to continue to echo what  you think is Important out here  in Washington DC but we have to  fire Nancy Pelosi straight off  the bat. I think that's the  best way we can provide a check  on this administration and I  know you're hearing that around  the state too, Jeff. Well, and  I'm just grateful that we do  have a soccer ball. That is  that that's taking the kids but  it hockey mom, hockey mom. But  I mean, in all seriousness, the  the other thing that I'm  hearing and I and I think the  fact that we do have someone  that's not playing a part.  Someone like you that that's  there. you're, you're, you're,  you gotta get the kids to, you  know, to school when you're  back. You've got to organize  things. You've gotta make sure  and there's such an arrogance  and I'm hearing this and I'm  hearing this from Democrats in  your district that are are just  stunned at the a complete just  complete tossing away of any  concerns of parents. The  complete abrogation of parental  rights and a parental decision  making and the fact that not  only are you confronting that  directly, but the fact that you  are one of those parents, you  understand the responsibilities  and the important of parents'  decisions raising their kids.  You don't have to play that  part. You're doing it right now  and so I'm hearing a lot of  that and once again, it's this  juxtaposition of people feeling  it personally, that they're not  being heard, and that they have  angst, but at the same time,  you're holding out there in  front of them, sometimes about  the only hope that they're  hearing of someone that they  can see and they can meet every  single week when you're going  through your 20 counties. Yep,  and absolutely, that is a  priority for me, getting to all  20 counties every quarter I  have to keep up with, you know,  Senator Grassley and Senator  Ernst and the governor who do  their 99 county tours. So, I I  try to get to all 20, at least  once. Uh many of them more than  once during every quarter. So,  that's important and that is  the way you get the feedback.  Um at the Fairway Meat Counter  or on my county tour, those are  the two places people talk to  me the most. So, anyway, I I  think it's it's great and it's  it's a great time to engage.  It's a great time to step up.  As a parent, I feel like it's  absolutely critical time not  only because my kids your kids,  if you're watching are the  future. They're the next  generation but it's an  important time for us as  parents to engage. Um you know,  you talk about all of these  these challenges that are  facing our our kids and our and  our school system. We want to  make sure we have the best  educational system in the  country so that our next  generation has that fighting  chance and that's what I want  as a parent and I think it's  critical that when I when I  talk to parents out in the  district, they just want to  know that they have a say and  that they are being heard and  that is absolutely critical and  so I've signed on to a Bill of  Rights, a piece of legislation  out here in Washington DC. I  met with the governor last week  in Des Moines. We talked about  all of the the things that they  they're doing with the  legislature to try to make sure  that we provide that best  educational opportunity for  students because that's really  what it's about and we need to  get everyone out of the way and  just focus on what keep our eye  on the prize, right? Which is  our kids. Um and we need to  make sure that they have the  best option available to them.  So, we're we're obviously  working on that and trying to  champion those issues out here  in Washington DC but I think  what this brings to life for me  Jeff is that it we have to talk  about what changes needed in  our country, what changes  needed in our schools at that  local granular level all the  way up to what's happening here  in Washington and that's why  it's a really important time to  engage. Um if these are issues  you believe in, it's time to  speak up and a great way to do  that is to participate in the  Iowa caucuses which you know,  everybody likes to talk about  the caucuses when the  presidential year is here but  we have caucuses coming up  week, right? So, tell us about  how people can make sure that  they are speaking up, have  their voices heard at those  events. Absolutely and and I  would argue that they are as  important if not more important  and right now, in twenty  twenty-two, then they would  even be in the presidential  year because right now, we are  highlighting those issues where  you know, they're not clouded  over by which candidate are we  going to select and so,  February 7th, this Monday,  seven o'clock, if you need to  know where you go,  WWW.Iowa GOP.org. and the whole  reason we do caucuses in Iowa.  The whole reason I spend a lot  of my time fighting that Iowa  caucuses still go first. And  that is because this is a  chance for you to talk. This is  this is not this is not anyone  leading a discussion. This is  wholly and completely about  you. The grassroots telling us  what you think. Starting the  process of amending our  platform and putting new  platforms once. But the most  important thing is there isn't  a including you Ashley and  Congressman, Congresswoman, or  any of our senators or the  governor. Every single one of  you are going to know exactly  what we're hearing and we're  going to gather up those voices  from every corner of the state.  Uh you do not have to know  anyone. You don't have to have  any previous experience. This  can be your very first caucus.  You're invited. You could have  been a Democrat two years ago.  You're invited. Uh everyone, we  want to hear from you. We are a  big tent but we're also a party  that is based on core  principles and those principles  couldn't be more important than  right now. So, I would just, I  would implore all of you for  the good of our state so we can  hear exactly what you want to  say. Please show up. Seven  o'clock. There will, you will  be welcomed and you will feel  like you made a difference. I  promise you that when you are  done with that call, they  should last about an hour.  Awesome. So, just a little bit  of time on your Monday night.  The seventh at seven, go to  Iowa GO dot org to find out  more information about the  upcoming Iowa caucuses next  week so you can make sure your  voice is heard and I say this  time and time again, Jeff but  Iowa values are heartland  values and heartland values are  American values and that's  exactly what we'll be talking  about next week and I can  guarantee we will continue to  talk about those things out  here in Washington DC as I  continue to be a voice for  Iowans. So, Jeff, thank you so  much for joining us. Thank you  so much for your service to the  state of Iowa and what you're  doing to help get our message  out and I I know I can say I'm  so proud of the work you're  doing around the state and I'm  grateful for your leadership.  So, thank you for joining us  for Hot Seat with Hinson and  thank you to everyone watching  and if you'd like to engage  with our campaign for congress,  we need your help. We need you  to join Ashley's Army. We have  a number of coalitions. You can  get on, endorse me, join one of  those coalitions, and engage  and help our campaign. We would  love to have you on board. Just  go to Ashley Henson.com to do  that. So, thank you everybody  for joining and have 