Beginning in 2006, lawmakers began making drastic cuts to higher education in Washington State within a few short years Universities like Eastern and WSU would see their state budgets nearly cut in half. I voted against those budgets, I didn't think they were fair to my district When you go to Olympia you go to represent your district I don't think that that budget was representative of our rural economies. With Democrats controlling the Senate, it was Majority Leader Lisa brown who set those budgets. It was her decision that higher education would take the biggest fall. It was a one-party decision to use higher ed for a piggy bank to fund the rest of state government if you're the majority leader of a caucus you have a great deal of influence on what's in that budget and It's not coming out without your approval because you have people around you that are gonna support your opinion Why, because you're the leader. for college students like Paige Campbell that meant a tuition increase from five thousand eight hundred and eighty seven dollars a year in 2007 to over $11,000 by 2012 Cost of tuition is very high For me, I work at least three part-time jobs. So I go to school full-time So that means giving up a little extra in my study time in order to afford tuition I started working in my family's farm when I was 10 saved all that I missed out hanging out with my friends I knew I wanted to go to college and I knew it wasn't cheap paying for living expenses food and then Tuition. I mean I my bank account got drained and I worked all summer, which was hard and I'm still working part-time. Ends don't quite meet. as a student Campbell now helps lobby for lowering tuition in the legislature for her It's about reversing what Lisa Brown did when she balanced the budget on the backs of students and Families Ironically the topic of student debt is now on the top of the list for Lisa Browns campaign. With higher education so unaffordable and student loan debt crushing so many students in Eastern Washington She made the decision to raise tuition for students and put that extra hurt on us versus having the state fund it and it's Hard to see that hard to support that You own the good things and the bad when your majority leader So if you want to take credit for the good you also own the bad when you're Majority Leader