i'm here today out of great concern for my constituent jacob ostreicher like me mr. our strikers a family friends and his community in Brooklyn are very concerned about his situation as you know in June of last year mr. striker was arrested in Bolivia on allegations of money laundering and associating with criminal organizations more than a year later he is still being held in Oblivion Jail with no formal charges having been filed against them despite his insistence that he is innocent mr. a strike is being held in a private cell in the palma sola prison facility that is notoriously violent according to reports he has been active in advocating for his cause through the news media and several media reports regarding his situation have been released this year on May twenty-fifth mr. Ostreicher was given the threat of a disciplinary penalty by prison authorities for reports that were released about the condition of the prison and media stories about his case that fostered quote discontent among the prison population unquote as the penalty document puts it the penalty could result in his move into a more dangerous part of the prison for 15 days and the potentially could be used against him in an upcoming hearing this penalty has not yet been carried out and mr. our strikers lawyer is appealing it the Bolivian authorities must know that the carrying out of this penalty would not be acceptable since he was first imprisoned I've been in frequent contact with the State Department about the status of mr. a strikers case in his condition the State Department has communicated with the Bolivian government regarding a situation and to express the frustration of mr. a striker and our government regarding his treatment that work must continue until we see positive results last month after meeting mr. a strike his wife Miriam I wrote a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asking for help communicating to the Bolivian government the necessity of giving mr. Ostreicher a reasonable opportunity to post bail and access to a swift trial I've also written a letter with my colleagues in the House and Senate up to the Bolivian government asking for the same Bolivian law has its own standards that allow a prisoner to be held for 18 months on preliminary charges in a pre-trial phase if they think there is reasonable basis to believe that a crime was committed however holding someone for this long without a fair trial or at the very least the opportunity for bail violates basic standards of fairness and human rights mr. a striker is entitled to a fair trial he's entitled to see the evidence against them to have the opportunity to present evidence in his own behalf and to have that case heard promptly and impartially our job will not be done until he has been a court of the full measure of the simple justice to which he and we are all entitled I especially am concerned about the frequent postponement of hearings in this case out of 15 judicial hearing scheduled for mr. Ostreicher only three have actually taken place in addition after a judge ordered mr. Ostreicher freed on bail in September the judge later reversed his position just before being promoted to another judicial position mr. Ostreicher has not been given another opportunity to post bail hearing regarding mr. trackers eligibility for bail current is currently scheduled for next week jun 11th i'm here today in part to make sure the bolivian government is aware that our government at a high level is calling for due process of law and a swift and fair trial for massage striker and is keeping a very close watch on what is happening right now massage strikers on a hunger strike to protest his imprisonment as a result he is physically weak and his family is concerned about his health his health and safety must continued to be monitored we need everyone members of Congress officials and executive branch and the State Department and other interested parties to keep their eyes on that price and keep up the pressure on the Bolivian government it is important for everyone to remember our goal making sure mr. a strikers provided fair treatment and basic due process they must be made to understand that we will not stand by and simply accept the treatment that he has received to date pressure must be applied to the bolivian government and its justice system to get this man and his family out of the terrible limbo they are in by ordering a speedy trial and a fair opportunity to be free on bail during this process I hope this hearing will serve to do just that to keep the pressure on the Bolivian government and demonstrate how important mr. Ostreicher and his situation are two important US government officials chairman Smith and rank bass again I want to thank you both for holding this hearing and allowing me to take part I yield back the balance of my time