Get straight out of an episode of a TV sitcom, and indeed that's the case. It was the plot of a famous episode of WKRP in Cincinnati back in 1978. Some of y'all may remember that. In that episode the station management came up with a Thanksgiving promotion where they tossed live turkeys from a helicopter. Now in the episode an on-air reporter witnessed the event as turkeys were thrown from the aircraft and they plummeted to earth while people below were running for their lives to avoid being hit by these turkeys. Well something very similar to that exist in real life. The small town of Yellville, Arkansas hosts an annual Turkey Trot. It's been in existence for 72 years, it attracts large crowds from across the region. They have a big parade, live music and a miss drumsticks beauty pageant. Then after a few years after a few decades that this festival was going on. they came up with the idea to toss live turkeys from the roof of the local courthouse. That took a bizarre turn when they kind of upped the ante and decided not to just drop them from the rooftop, but to throw them from private aircraft and from approximately 500 feet in the air. Now we know wild turkeys roost in trees, but they spend most of their lives on the ground and they fly only short distances at a time. Farm raised turkeys seldom ever had the opportunity to fly. Now this this event came to the attention of the FAA, and they denied approval of the flight path for this violent event because it was harmful to people below as well as what was happening in the air, and it was not sanctioned by the festival organizers. Also during the meantime it had garnered a lot of opposition from the community and considerable outrage from animal lovers across the country. Then after a while of denying this in 2015 the FAA cited lack of specified language in title 14 part 91 which regulates the dropping of objects from civil aircraft. So they said they didn't have the authority and they had no choice, but to approve the request for these turkey drops. What happens after these birds are thrown out of the plane? Well most are injured and they struggle to fly, most of them killed, some of them hit people on the ground. Anyway, it's a bad situation. Now supporters of this may claim that it brings money to the area, but I can tell you the opposite is the case because since this has been going on it's gotten so controversial, the Yellville Chamber of Commerce ehich sponsors the festival itself has pulled its funding because of this additional turkey drop that has interfered with the event. So my amendment is very simple. It directs the DOT to finalize rules that would ban this practice once and for all. It will give them the authority to do it. It allows an exemption for legitimate use of aircraft through things like wildlife works where they drop fish into lakes, that would not be affected. It's drafted in such a way to prevent that. I've written to the FAA about the issue and they responded, they don't have the regulatory authority to do this, so Congress needs to step up and give them that authority. Now some people might claim that animal welfare is outside the purview of the FAA, but that ignores the fact that there are numerous areas in the US. Code where the FAA regulates, or has policies impacting aircraft and animals. Congress has stood up time and time again against such kind of destructive acts against animals in the name of entertainment. In fact there's a bill out there now called preventing animal cruelty and torture Act which is Co-sponsored by half of the members of this committee, including you mr. Chairman, which I appreciate. So I hope that the committee will make this amendment in order, will stop this turkey drop, and will allow the Yellville chamber of commerce to move forward with its very popular Festival. And I yield back