Thank You Mr. Speaker. This is the final amendment to the bill that will not kill the bill or send it to the committee, and if adopted the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. My motion to recommit is just a common-sense measure that I believe everybody in this house can support, because it would prevent the bad actors from being able to use the exemptions in the underlying bill to dodge the consumer protections that are found in both the truth-in-lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. My motion says if a lender has committed or engaged in an unfair, deceptive or abusive act or practice under federal law in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a financial product or service, or if they have been convicted of fraud under federal or state law in connection with a residential mortgage loan, they cannot avail themselves of this bills decreased requirements. As you know I represent the heart of the Las Vegas Valley. More than 43 million visitors come to my district every year from all around the world to enjoy our first-class resorts, hotels, entertainment, and the natural beauty around us. It's also though, home to over two million people. Less than a decade ago Southern Nevada unfortunately had the additional distinction of being at the epicenter of the foreclosure crisis that was caused by the Great Recession. At its peak nearly 70% of all homes in the Las Vegas Valley were underwater and the foreclosure rate was five times the national average. For 62 straight months, Nevada, led the nation in foreclosures and delinquent mortgages, and this is the number- just thinking about this- 219,000 foreclosures occurred during that period. Newspapers from coast to coast read like obituaries, as home after home were boarded up, homelessness skyrocketed, and major developments along the Vegas strip that were under construction went belly up, leaving high-rise rusting skeletons in the middle of the desert. We lost eighty thousand construction jobs during that period. Now we were one of the first states to be hit so hard by the recession, and one of the last states to recover. But now housing prices are coming back and new construction is taking place. Unfortunately, It seems that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to turn back the clock and go back to the abusive practices, including predatory lending that contributed to the Great Recession. Supporters of this legislation, you have heard them say it's needed to provide relief for smaller sized institutions and smaller sized mortgage servicers. But that's really the red herring here. The CFPB has already as you heard too- provided a targeted exemption to cover those folks. This bill is really about protecting the large servicers that fail to provide necessary loan documentation and to communicate openly with their customers, in turn contributing to millions of unnecessary disclosures and settlements for abusive business practices during the financial crisis. Nevada in fact had to bring a lawsuits against financial institutions like Countrywide and Bank of America that engaged in this predatory lending. My motion to recommit would ensure that such lending practices and loan servicing activities cannot resurface at the expense of consumers. This is especially important also in light of the fact that at the same time we're eroding consumer protections put in place after the financial crisis. My Republican colleagues are also simultaneously taking away affordable housing from my constituents. The Job Cuts and Tax Act passed in the house eliminates tax exempt private activity bonds, a move that will stifle investments in affordable housing. The Nevada housing Division for example, has already suspended its mortgage credit certificate program which provides an average of $2,000 a year in federal income tax savings to first-time homebuyers and veterans, because of Excuse me, threat of this provision. Furthermore, multifamily housing bonds make affordable housing possible for seniors, people with disabilities, veterans and local income families. Without the tax exemption on these bonds, Nevada can lose up to 7,000 rental homes. So Mr Speaker I ask you, how can this body pass bills that one eliminate affordable rental homes? Make ownership more expensive for first-time homebuyers and open the door again to predatory lending practices that target low-income Borrowers and put them at risk of foreclosure? This mix of anti-consumer, anti-affordable housing policies does not bode well for a country that suffered a housing crisis just a decade ago. So I would urge my colleagues to vote in favor of