thank you I want to join with the ranking member of Asia committee and everyone else in Congress and talking about dr. free di think the Pakistanis understand that you give them the money whether they turn afridi over or not but I hope you convey that Congress probably won't and next year i would suggest congress is much less likely to so what would happened if we simply didn't provide the aid until dr. free to you and his family were released we could reprogram that money to other parts of the war on Islamic extremist terrorism and defend ourselves perhaps much more effectively than aid through Pakistan had what would be the of the pack what would be the Pakistani response if we cut all eight until dr. Afridi was released well congressman first of all let me say that your message has been received loud and clear and we will indeed convey it as we have conveyed it to the Pakistanis on dr. Afridi I would just respectfully suggest to you that our assistance program is crafted to advance our national interests I there are many things we could do with that money that don't involve giving it to the people who are holding dr. Afridi your focus is Afghanistan and Pakistan there are things we could do in the war on terrorism outside your jurisdiction that could perhaps do more to safeguard America in its interest and the Pakistani shouldn't think that we have unlimited resources so we might as well spend them on anything that seems useful i wanted shift to descend a doctor or rather vice chairman KR and sorry has been kidnapped arrested he is the vice chairman of the leading cindy party um we've got assassinations that have not been investigated including Anwar lagari but also a host of others da mr. da here mr. call a whole row mr. hoo ha vara and mr. Koo reshi is this something you're bringing up in Islamabad or just leaving to the Karachi consulate well with regard to mr. Ansari I well first of all our consulate in Karachi is is tracking this closely and but with the full support of our embassy in Islamabad know if you have you personally raised Easter either mr. laguardia's case or mr. Sarris case Ansari's case uh well to how high a level have you personally conveyed it to Pakistanis yeah the leghari case we have raised at the at the provincial level and so you personally haven't engaged with high level with the top officials in Islamabad on these issues I have no sir I have not engage on the I want to go into another question the administration routinely declined to certify that Pakistan is cooperating with United States and counterterrorism against the hakan II network and others and that it is not supporting terrorist activities against the United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan why is the administration unwilling to make that certification and does it make sense to just wave that and send them the money even if you can't make the certification congressman we but we believe that all of the programs again that we are are talking about are in our national interest and we have to balance the national security interests of the United States and but can you say that can you say that they are not cooperating with the United States on counterterrorism and they are not supporting terroristic what are the facts that say that that make it impossible to make these certifications we have long had concerns about the fact that despite Pakistan having a stated policy of not discriminating against between terrorist groups in the application of that policy they have in fact not moved against actors that threaten their neighbors and we have raised this with them very directly and we share the concerns of that have been expressed about the Hagane network and also about lashkar-e-toiba JC Mohammed and other and other groups my time is expired thank you I don't want to cut you off if you have another question madam chairman that would be a dangerous precedent could be right all right what was I thinking mr. Rohrabacher