Good morning again. I would  like to thank each one of you  that have come out to listen  and participate in the  conversation with Council  Member Oliver M Thomas Junior  and Congressman Troy A Carter  Senior about what is happening  within the City Council  District B. And before I move  on, I would definitely like to  thank Mr. Collins for allowing  us to utilize this wonderful  place for her this  conversation.  Okay. And Roxanne, where is  Roxanne? Miss Roxanne. Thank  you as well, miss Roxanne.  Absolutely. So, my name is  Deirdre Pierce and I am chief  of staff for the council  member, Oliver Thomas. I would  like to take this time to  welcome you to whether or not  your virtually or if you're  here in person, we thank you  because this is a very  important conversation that we  will have this morning. We will  discuss topics from economic  development to crime issues.  Most important we will discuss  with Congressman Carter has  done and will do to assist  District E in moving forward as  it relates to the federal  level. It gives me great honor  to have the opportunity to  introduce two of the most  prominent men in am. You both  are robot,  an example, of a true  leadership look like. God knows  time, the prices that we're  dealing with in the city of New  Orleans, we need your great  leadership. Now, you all know  Michael, House of Evertime with  Cory and he continues to  sacrifice himself as well as  his family every day to serve  our city. So, I would like to  publicly thank him for his  willingness to serve yet He  always he don't need anyone to  give us anything. We gotta get  it ourselves. So this is the  first of that conversation with  Congressman Carter on how he  can assist us with federal  assistance with bringing  economic development to  districts east.  I can also personally say that  these men were exceptional  while on and off the court. And  when I say off the court, that  means lifestyle decision,  whether it's spiritually,  business, or serving their  needs. I had the opportunity to  volunteer and vote campaigns  while also having the privilege  to work for both great needs.  While my time with Congressman  Carter was a short tenure as a  state senator it was both  appreciated and I thank you  Congressman Carter for that  opportunity. So, without  further ado, Oliver and Tyrus  Junior has an established  proven track record of  effective and efficient  leadership. While attending  Joseph F. Clark Senior High  School in New Orleans, he  dominated athletic arena as a  true student athlete. Make that  short, please. Make it short.  Yes. So we can get to the  conversation. Alright, so let's  keep it going. So, as we all  know, Congressman product.  Well, let me go back. So, the  council member, he threw me,  he he threw me for the So, the  whole point of it is, in 1994,  he actually served on city  council. Congressman Carter as  well served City Council in  nineteen ninety-four and so, I  don't know if Congressman  caught on one piece to move on  from him as well. Make my  insurance. But we all know that  he is great. He has served. He  has left and he was given the  opportunity to come back again  because of his exceptional  leadership. And so with that  being said, I do want to know  that Congressman Carter has  been the first of many things.  And that's first African  American elected to the  Louisiana State House from  District one oh two. The first  African American elected to New  Orleans City Council  representing District B. First  African American elected to the  Louisiana State Senate from  District B. First Congressman  the and the first congressman  who fought in the general  officer in the United States  Army. Now, the council member  Thomas Rubio, the bio would  have at least, you guys, would  have realized that they served  together on New Orleans City  Council from nineteen  ninety-four to 2002. So,  working together is not a new  idea for these men. The history  and friendship developed over  20 years and I am surely have a  lot of stories to share and  what the issues were named in  and what they are not. But more  importantly, how they came  together to offer solutions  when they may have had  different political ideology.  One of the problems we have  today from our elected leaders  is that even when they  different politically, they  don't need to get out their own  way and put their egos aside so  that the city can prosper. But  I can tell you something. Thank  God to break me. That we're  about to hear from. And they  relish the opportunity of  service again. And that they're  willing to do the work on  bringing New Orleans forward.  So enough for me. Council  Member Thomas. Dive into the  conversation. Further ado.  Great job. Great job.  at all. She just kept doing  that. Say thank you judge. Uh  first of all, it's a blessing.  Uh to to be here. Bae, I didn't  I didn't know you was no older  than me. He was, you're the  first, oh my goodness, huh?  Good job. Well, god has been  good. Well, and this and this  and this is the first. Uh you  know, you guys know that it's  also the Good Morning Show. Uh  interview and elected  officials. So, the White House  and celebrities. Uh we've we've  had presidents and vice  presidents and entertainers and  and athletes and stars to to  come through the Good Morning  Show. But recently we started  our segment with our  Congressman or Conversation  with Congressman to our father.  And he did not hesitate to talk  about an interview, discussion,  style, conversation he wanted  to have starting in Mr. Dean  but with, with, with, with  communities throughout this  district. And the first thing I  want, I want to do is, thank  you, for that, but give him a  hand, please.  you know, if you like the  officials look for a few  opportunities possible to be  on, put on the slide today and.  Uh I've never seen somebody hit  the ground or or running. Uh  let me say young man and and  and watching you lead the way  from 1994 to 2022. Uh I can  honestly say it it's great to  see someone grow and get  better. You know, one of the  things we talk about now is the  lack of institutional knowledge  in and it's nothing against  those elected officials but for  them not to know that the Lee  Bone is connected to the shin  bone and the shin bone is  connected to the ankle bone and  the ankle bone connected to the  footbone and the toe bone. Uh  our congressman knows where all  the bones are and where they  buried.  But let's let's let's let's  start with this. So nineteen  ninety-four to now Chuckle  Break and and God is good. We  know that. Yes yes. What was  the for you to get back into  politics. Especially at the  congressional level. Knowing  that most of your work have  been done at the city level.  And at the state level.  Punishment fund. First of all  thank you all for being here.  Uh this is a great opportunity  for us to. Yeah yeah. Bring  government to the people. Um I  was very fortunate. Uh in the  mid 80s to start working with  United four is when we got to  the city council. But Council  Member Thomas and I were young  staffers in the mid eighties  when his boss, the honorable  Jim Singleton, was on the city  council. My boss was then,  Mayor Sidney Bartholomew. Um we  grew up under Giants. We  learned the the old school way  of doing things, of having  commitment, of not being afraid  to stand up, to serve, to give  our all, to listen to people,  to communicate, and I think  unfortunately, sometimes, some  of that, that, that, that heart  is lost, with no disrespect to  our new members because they're  all doing an incredible job.  Um, there's something about  touching the people. Social  media has robbed us of some of  that. It's something about  being face to face. Uh, social  media, and and platforms of  Zoom and all those things have  taken away that personal touch  that means so much to the  community. So, I'm grateful to  to to be serving again. I was  first elected in in 1991 to the  House of Representatives in 94  to serve with with this giant  of a gentleman who we both are  getting an opportunity back to  serve yet again. Um after my my  two terms on the city council,  I had a bit of a I had an  opportunity to raise my two  boys who are now in college. Um  and had an opportunity to to  come back and serve in the  state senate. I served got  elected, got reelected, and now  thanks to your support,  blessings, and and and votes. I  am honored to serve in the  United States Congress and in  fact because I've always cared.  Because I never left. Okay. Uh  even when I was no longer  elected. I worked in a  community. I continued to do my  community effort serving on  boards and commission serving  the community through  Thanksgiving dinners and and  toy giveaways, economic  development because as I tell  people, you know well because  of your incredible service, not  only on the on the radio but  your philanthropic efforts when  you were out of office. You  don't have to be elected to  serve the right. You don't have  to have a title to give back.  Uh you can feed the hungry, you  can to the children, you can  work any economic development.  Like many of you, proved to us  every day to your organizations  and the efforts and work that  you do, particularly here in  District E, to bolster and to  build the incredible community  of New Orleans East. One of our  last passions of hope for the  city of New Orleans, economic  development, job creation, the  the the the beauty of the  environment and so much that  Eastern New Orleans has to  offer and we are just  scratching the surface counts.  You know, what we're going to  do together. Thank you. Well,  that brings me right into a  question. Uh questions of  people we've talked to and  she's at a raised in the  community. Your vision for the  consecutive congressional  district as well as history  two. And how do you work those  in that vision with some of the  challenges that are there as  well as some of the  accomplishments,  accomplishments. You know I saw  a sign once that said we can do  great things. If we're willing  to let somebody else have pray.  We get great things  accomplished if we didn't have  to have our name on it. And a  part of our leadership is to  it's not about any of us. It's  about people that we serve And  the vision that I have for for  Louisiana, for New Orleans, for  the second congressional  district for New Orleans and  specifically today, for Eastern  New Orleans is that we do have  never done before. That we  don't just talk about it, but  we make things happen. 500, 00,  000 that we have, Lincoln  Beach. Another 5 million that  we're working on, Lincoln  Beach.  you know, real development that  really does the things that  will enhance property values,  that would decrease crime, that  will make your investment in  your community worthwhile, not  just talking about it, but  partnering with, with, with,  with Councilmember Thomas,  we've been in this game as as  you've already done a math for  a long time. We've learned a  lot, we've made mistakes, we've  bumped along the way, but the  beauty of that is the  institution of knowledge of  knowing how to get things done,  and you get them done, not by  one, not by two, everybody  being a part of the solution.  Because, you know, as I tell  people often, we get elected.  We don't get a box of wisdom.  We don't get a magic wand. We  don't get any magic dust that  makes problems go away. Really  just regular citizens who offer  ourselves for public service  and we put in the time. We make  a sacrifice for our families.  We make a sacrifice for our  economies. We make a sacrifice  because we care about our  community. So, the vision that  I have is that we will have  this land. This will be filled  with commerce. These homes will  be filled with people. We will  utilize the resources of the  federal government to partner  with local government to bring  resources home. $31. point five  million dollars have brought  home the first year for beer  markets. From our community  projects, they came right back  to this community. Uh we had  the opportunity. Uh Council  Member Thomas and I to visit  with Secretary of Energy to go  out to meet you right here in  Eastern New Orleans and talk  about the great things that's  happening in Eastern New  Orleans but not just for  Eastern New Orleans but for the  entire world world. For the  world where these wind turbines  are being researched,  developed, and built right here  in Eastern New Orleans. Now,  watch this. We sent in the  cats. we build them for other  people to go other places but  now, we're building them to be  right here in our community for  our resiliency, for our  environmental protection, for  our clean energy. That's real.  That's real. That's real. But  we're going to stay there  because but not just Secretary  Granholm, you see that. Well,  we had a great meeting with her  about it and our plan in our  area, building the tips for  those windmills that are  going to be part of the whole  resilience sustainable  sustainability effort but also  to Secretary Marty Walsh about  the Renaissance Project where  Secretary Wells and our  Congressman they're targeting  the second congressional  district and they're targeting  New Orleans East within $61  million dollar effort. As well  as Secretary Guzman. Uh we've  had five or six high-level  cabinet members. Out of the  White House to actually come to  this fourteen. 14. Yeah. 14.  But who's count? For 14. To to  not only come to this district,  the the second district but  also come to District E. As as  well as majority of Lawrence,  the SBA was one of our speakers  last night. So, talk about  those efforts where not only  have you laid out your vision  without federal officials but  they've bought into your vision  for major, major, major  development in this district.  Thank you, Councilman and and  and the councilman's correct  and he's been with me on many  of these visits. We've been  blessed in the last to have 14  visits from cabinet, from the  president, to the vice  president, to the second  gentleman, to cabinet  secretaries, White House  Advisors to come right here to  Eastern New Orleans, to the  city of New Orleans, the state  of Louisiana, which is  historical. It's a first to  have as many visits from  decision makers from the  president on down to be right  here in our community. We were  fortunate enough just about I  think it's two months ago to  have the secretary Highland  here. Of the interior. Of the  interior. Yet another another  jewel of Eastern New Orleans.  The expansion of the  ecotourism. Something that that  that the council has been  working on for a long time. Um  very grateful for John Cummings  for his donation of that land  or his ability to have that  land transfer. Again  recognizing the beauty of of  our environment. Which is again  a huge part of Eastern but  having all of these cabinet  secretaries come, demonstrate  something. We're on the map in  the White House. Louisiana is  on the map in the White House.  Having our former congress  members, Cedric Richmond being  a senior adviser to the  president, now working with the  DNC and work on midterm  elections, having our former  Mayor Mitch Landrew being the  bizarre or infrastructure. I'm  very proud to serve on the  Transportation Infrastructure  Committee where we help craft  both out-of-commit and  ultimately pass on the on the  House Senate floor and witness  the president sign in the 1.  two trillion with a T. Trillion  dollar infrastructure law  that's changing lives. It's  giving us the opportunity to  have expanded roadways. To have  rapid rail between New Orleans,  Baton Rouge, and beyond. Uh to  create the opportunity so we  can have resiliency so we can  have a cleaner, greener, safer  community that we limit and  reduce our dependency on  foreign oils and fossil fuels  so we can be a cleaner,  greener, safer community. So  people don't have to die for  the jobs. Thank you Congressman  Opportunity Zones have been a a  major tool in federal  government for the last decade  or so. We know there's several  opportunities zones out here in  District E. One of the  challenges is that as we look  at potential development and  investment. Uh sometimes it's  not of interest is not where  the opportunity zone is. Can we  move, alter, or change, or  expand opportunity zones at the  local level and we can't. How  do we begin a deal in  flexibility within those  designations. You know,  opportunity zones are obviously  critically important but  they're not perfect. They were  designated and there's a reason  why they should be static  because people invest in a in a  piece of land or property based  on what an opportunity zone  presents. So, you want to be  careful that you don't erase it  but I'm working with Congress  to see if there's ways that we  can expand them to go into  areas that we have some areas  that that are part of  Opportunity Zone that are  marshland. It's never going to  be developed. We know that. So,  instead of tasting that  distinction, we should expand  it into areas that can be  developed. Amen. So, the the  Councilman has been dogging and  and bringing this to to our  attention and our team is  working on it as we speak and  that's where the partnership  with the rubber meets the Road  between local federal and state  governments working together  and because we're not in silos  by ourselves, we talk all the  time. Now, we talk publicly  every Thursday. Right. So, the  public can hear our  conversation. But hardly a day  goes by that we're not talking  about how we can help work  together. Either I talking to  him about something with local  government. He talking to me  about something with federal  government. Or us collectively  talking. And so the the secret  sauce. The secret sauce is  communication and commitment.  And what he didn't say a lot of  times our conversation starts  with hey man how you doing?  Because that's important too.  Uh Yesterday even at the Diva  you know, Standard Ramaldi was  back. Wanna thank everyone who  came out Join large in the  SBDA, one of the senior  executives within the SBU. She  talked about opportunities  Bob's own, eight A, and for  small businesses, we begin to  look at all this federal action  and federal money that's coming  down. Not just for the money  coming to the community but our  small and emerging businesses  can be part of A Day and Hub  Zone initiatives so that they  can be contractors and  professionals within working on  those contracts. What she said  we're missing out on the  opportunity for a lot of  business spoken entrepreneurs  to amend what they do or adjust  what they do to participate in  federal contracts from catering  to supplying paper to things in  many cases that you wouldn't  think were part of those major  efforts. But actually lay  within those contracts to  service the fact that they're  going to need. How do we  increase our AA participation?  How was all participation?  Especially amongst local and  minority countries. Thank you.  I served on the Small Business  Committee in the US Congress.  Uh and we had a meeting just  last week and said the first  time that I've taken the  administrator and the deputy  administrator and others within  the organization's task on  making sure that we are  expanding and advertising and  encouraging people to  participate in our eight-day  programs, Hunt Zone to let us  know what the capabilities are  because oftentimes, the people  that can utilize the most don't  learn about it because we  aren't always getting  information out. The other  thing that I challenged the SBA  on is eight-day programs,  people that an eight-day  program which is a certified  program that allows a minority  contract to participate in  federal program where they have  access to federal contracts so  they can graduate to become  solid enough in their business  finances. They can that they  don't have to compete as a  minority. They get to compete  as a majority because they had  eight years of solid, strong,  financial contracts. Now, we  know that with COVID, that was  truncating. So, we were  successful in getting what was  supposed to be one year  addition for eight-day  contractors. So, they would  have a ninth year which is  still a eighth year because  they lost a year. That actually  turned out to about maybe 10  months. So, it wasn't a year.  I've introduced legislation to  add yet another year on top of  that because we know that even  within that 10-month period  that they had a break on to get  additional contracts or  additional time of the program  still wasn't enough because  we're still today, 2022, still  feeling the the effects of  COVID and what it's done to our  economy, particularly on the to  our minority businesses. So,  I'm hopeful and I'll keep  everyone in tune. I'm hopeful  that we will be able to get  this to the process and get  this to the government to the  president's desk for signature  so we can get yet additional  relief to eight-day  contractors. Now, here's the  other part. We've met with the  councilman and I have been in  several meetings where we met  with the the administrator of  SBA. We're fortunate to have  Ted James, a former member of  Louisiana House of  Representatives as a regional  director for SBA who's on the  ground regularly. Meetings with  my staff and council member  staff with the mayor, the mayor  staff, and and elected  officials throughout the state  to talk about how we can bring  more people into the program to  understand the opportunities  that are there. Because having  opportunities as as my  grandfather used to say, it's  like winking in the dark. You  know you're winking but she  doesn't. You gotta turn the  lights on. You gotta let people  know that the resources are  here. So, part of that is the  Councilman and I have partnered  and will continue to partner on  these small, dynamic, type,  group, dynamic opportunities or  SBA will come in and do one on  ones and show people where the  resources are. We've done a  number of them throughout the  state with our curbside  service. We've done two in  Eastern New Orleans already and  we'll continue to do more  bringing government and  opportunities to the people.  So, you don't have to look for  it. thank you Congressman  nineteen ninety-four when we  first took office, New Orleans  was on the TLM of 16 or 17  years of four hundred and 300  murders. In 1994, the city had  4 and twenty-4 murders and so  you think things were bad  maths. With over 3000 people  down the shadow, stabbed, and  wounded, wounded. but also the  next year experienced the  greatest reduction in violent  crime in the history of this  country of any major city at  that time. Violent crime was  reduced 60%, double the  national average. The city had  502000 people because of those  partnerships and efforts, the  murder rate went from $424 to  $159. But one of the signature  reasons was, the partnership  with the federal government,  God's program, the program the  agency agreements with strike  forces that targeted the most  violent offenders. Given what  we're dealing with right now,  prolific and indiscriminate,  violence that's happening on  the streets every time they've  been. What can we do and what  are you working with us in  terms of how do we partner  again? To impact on the same  way, and hopefully to a way of  doing. good. Yeah, those were,  those were city. Um and as I  look in the audience that many  of you have were there with us.  Oliver and I were younger men  serving on the city council. I  remember that day. Uh like it  was yesterday when there was a  a peace or revolt. I like what  we saw on January 6th. There  was no violence. But the people  rose up. And they came and they  launched on the steps of city  hall. And many members were  like what are you going to do?  What are you going to do? And  noone wanted to go out to a  did. Oliver and myself later  joined by then the mayor of and  we addressed the crowd. And it  wasn't easy. And it was  painful. There was a lot of  pain in their faces. It was on  the the immediate aftermath of  the Louisiana Peach Killing  Pizza Kitchen Killings in my  district. Uh we were joined by  Council Member Azure who who  came later to to be a part of  the city council and and so  many others that that really  step jumps are complained to  say we gotta fix this. We gotta  do something about it. We  partnered with with the with  the federal government. Um the  the the cops program, a  community policing, bringing  police back to the community.  Um demonstrating that while  there are definitely bad cops  out there. Make no bone spot.  There are definitely cops that  should never have a gun, never  have a badge, never have his  hand on my children or yours.  But that's not We've got good  police officers that work day  in and day out. We should  support them, provide resources  so they're better police  officers. So, they understand  the importance of working with  communities so they know how to  deescalate. What we've done is  in the last year, I've said $2.  3 million dollars in federal  grants to the district  attorney's office to open up  cold case and files because we  know that many of those cold  case files will lead us to the  criminals who are killing  people today. And if we're able  to go back do that. $2. 3  million dollars came directly  and as a result of that, the  district attorney is able to  open some of those cases and  close some of those cases and  put that into a jail. $360  million dollars to the state of  Louisiana and AARP funds to  work directly with pushing back  against crime. Because we know  in physics, what stops in  action, a greater action. What  stops the force or greater  force. So, to be able to work  with our local governments to  make sure Gilman's job that  this city council mayor is  doing. The city council, you  talk about hit the ground  running. Of course, you, you,  you, you're a what what Tiger  Hammond calls me, I'll call you  a a veteran rookie. Hm. A  veteran because he's done it  for a long time. He's done it  well, rookie because he's back  at doing what he loves most.  And that is fighting for the  people. So, the federal  government will continue to  work with local governments to  bring resources. You know, we  can bring the money in and then  hand it to faithful leaders  like you and others to then  reinstitute the confidence of  the people. See, we gotta look  into the camera and tell  criminals, we're not going to  take it. Right. We gotta look  into the eyes of these young  people and say, listen, we  believe you can do something  better than toting the gun and  stealing a car. We gotta look  into the eyes and say, but as  we take away the gun, take away  the the the threat of violence.  Replace it with an opportunity.  Rather, it's school in a  four-year, two-year traditional  college, or a vote vocational,  technical opportunity like we  have, we were in high school.  There are lots of jobs out  there. We've gotta give our  young people the hope and  through effective partnerships  with local, federal, and state  dollars. We're going to make it  better because we're not  going to accept the Thank you.  You served at three different  levels. City Councilman, state  level, and now the federal  government. How have you used  your experience starting with  some of the challenges of the  nineties? The legislative board  that's been done in the state.  to help you as you work in a  partisan congress that is as  divided as as it's ever been.  How has that experience from  the late 90s till now? How has  that helped you in terms of  your ability to serve and  deliver in the second  congressional district? Well,  it's it's Dee mentioned when  when she spoke, we haven't  always agreed. Philosophically  or politically. We had some  moments. And we've had our  moments but we never but we  never stopped working for the  people. And although Life  sometimes will draw you all  political different spectrums.  There's nothing wrong with  that. That's a part of life.  You can be different. That's  what makes us strong. And we  haven't always been on the same  political team if you will. But  we've always been on the same  community team. And that's the  message I try to take to my  friends in Washington. Be the  Republican or Democrat. It's  the message I took when I was a  member of the Senate when I was  one of 12 strong Democrats in  the Senate. But you can't pass  a law in the Senate with 12  members. But we passed about  why? Because we built  relationships. Because we  demonstrated that we can get a  heck of a lot more done  together than we could being a  part. And that's not a  sometimes effort. That's an all  time effort. You gotta build  the relationship. You gotta put  in the extra time. You gotta  read what you don't want to  read. You gotta go to meetings  you really rather not go to.  Because when you show up you  get a little something. Yeah.  When you get to the table in  the in the pies being divided  you get a little something. And  the the the bumps, the bruises,  the scars of honor that I have  30 plus years of service. It's  what's allowed me to quote  unquote hit the ground running  and bring things home. Because  I I went to the meeting.  Because I built a relationship  because I put in the extra time  when others wanted to go to  dinner or go go have a drink. I  stayed and went to the the  meeting that nobody else wanted  to go to. When I was a young  man working within Mayor  Matholome. Uh Oliver and I took  the assignments nobody else  wanted for her. Because we just  wanted to play. And I don't  mean to play in a fun way. We  want to be in the game. We  wanted to be suited up. And  that Experience has given me  the opportunity to get to  Washington and thank God for  the level of success that that  we've enjoyed. I take no  credit. Um I'm a product of all  of you. I'm a product of the  opportunity to learn. The  product to to be blessed and  have the opportunity to give  back. And as I often say it is  indeed a pleasure to serve you.  It's amazing how history  reveals itself in cycles. Uh In  the early nineties, we were  part of a council that created  a minimum wage that went to the  court. So, unfortunately, with  the gangsters. We're also part  of a team with an  administration that sued the  gun manufacturers. and the  council actually sued them. And  we lost in court but the courts  had to decide, here we are once  again, with the court system.  And today's Supreme Court, the  two monumental decisions of for  gun rights, or against  protecting citizens when you  talk about proliferation of  guards. And then taking taking  away a woman's right to choose.  Which is her right to choose  what happens to her body. And  then in the 66 opinion page  written by their leader  Clarence Thomas. He writes of  other restrictions and other  setbacks to the constitution.  Where are we now with those  issues? And what is the fight  look like on the hill? Did not  only make sure we we can  protect those riders. But that  more rights are not taken away.  a couple of days ago, America  took a punch to the milk. A  deep punched in milk. Because  for the first time in the  history of our Supreme Court, a  right was taken away. Instead  of being reversed and given. It  was taken away and rather you  are quote unquote pro-life,  pro-choice. gets the  fundamental freedom of a woman  to choose. It's a fundamental  freedom of a woman to make a  decision with what she does  with her body. Not what  government should tell her what  to do. And for the Supreme  Court to make such an egregious  action. It is demonstrated a  swift turn backwards. And an  attempt to do even more.  Discussion to talk about  Senator Cornyn from Texas,  United States Senator, one of  100 members in the world.  Tweeted two days ago that we  should now revisit Plessy  Bergas. We should now revisit  America. separate but equal.  Board of Education, Broadway  Board of Education, to revisit  it. How far have we come from  where we need to go when people  are comfortable even  articulating such a thought out  loud? If one freedom has been  challenged, all freedoms are  challenged. And what we've done  in the Congress to codify Roe V  Wade is we passed convocation  of Roe V Wade to put it in law.  The US Congress did. But as you  might imagine, it stalled in  the US Senate. Elections have  consequences. We watch what  happened to Texas and Florida  with rolling back voting  rights.  we watch  what happened in US  Congress where we passed John R  Lewis Voting Rights Act. Where  we fight, where we pass laws to  reform police, where they all  stall in the Senate. And I will  say to all of you, the more  they hide the ball, the more we  need to fight for the ball. The  more they attempt to stop you  from voting, you've gotta vote  more. You've gotta redouble  your efforts to show. Doesn't  matter what try to do. We're  not going to give up and we're  not going to let you win. And  if you got a Supreme Court  that's heavily held by extreme  right? We're going to elect  senators. And we're going to  change that too. And we have to  make a message to our two US  senators. That we're watching.  And you represent us too. You  represent the entire state of  Louisiana. Not just  Republicans. But I represent  Democrats and Republicans as a  member of Congress. And I  probably do so. We gotta remind  our senators that they do the  same. Thank you.  and we talk about partisan and  bipartisan politics and that  there's no especially you from  your days with the DNC to be  the leader in the Democratic  Party. Now, thanks to the  second highest national ranking  Democratic official here in the  state along with the governor.  He's a he's a Democrat. With  partisan policy of the day. It  has been said that the  Republicans have a better  ground game and a better plan  for how they not only influence  national politics but how they  influence statewide politics by  controlling state houses. what  can we begin to do the  community to engage, to get  people to vote, but to change  the dynamics of our statehouses  so that we can be better  represented not only in our  city capitals around this  country but also in DC. Well,  the the key is voting.  Organizers. Get people  registered. I was talking to  Jerome, Big Doug Smith the  other day He he engaged. He  said, every time somebody  darkness. We need to get 25  people registered. Every time  there's a death, every time we  lose one vote, we need to come  back with 25 more. We need to  to bring it upon ourselves to  make sure that we are pushing  the envelope and getting people  not just to register but to  vote. Yeah. Rain or shine. We  go to second lines in the rain.  We go to jazz fest with our  shrimp hooks on. Yeah. We will  stand in the freezing cold and  get a coconut Mardi Gras  morning. But let it drizzle. Oh  man. Uh Never mind. You got a  whole week leading up to it  that we never had before in  early voting. There is  absolutely no reason why we  don't go out and vote. But  there's something that happens  every 10 years called  reabortion. A reap portion that  gives us the opportunity to  redraw our lives. And you've  seen the battle that is going  on right here in Louisiana. To  fight for a second badly needed  well deserved second African  American Congressional District  in the state of Louisiana. the  math is pure and it's clear. We  represent African Americans  represent a third of our state.  We have six members of  congress. Two. Not one. Listen,  I'm grateful to represent you  in congress but I sure would  like some help. I would do. It  would be wonderful to have a  second map where a person,  African Americans have the  right to issue at an African  American if they want. They can  vote for whoever they want.  That's to say that they have  who you must. It just creates  an opportunity And to to to  drill in on your question. What  we have to do as a people to  make sure we affect these  things is we have to hold  people accountable. We have to  get people elected and we have  to stay a part of the process.  And I know a preacher to the to  to the choir because this group  stays engaged. And I know that.  But now we all have to leave  here and be servants. Yeah. To  go onto our churches, our  fraternities, our sororities,  other groups. And encourage  them to come out to the next  meeting. Come out to the  voting. I'm not telling you who  to vote or but vote. I would  say the vote. I don't. But  votes. Vote. Bring a friend.  Bring another friend. Bring  another friend. We have to take  it an opportunity. The more  they try to dial back your  rights, the more we should  fight to advance our rights. We  touched on it earlier. Gun  rights  advanced level that I think  makes it small and say Roe  versus Wade overturned. Uh the  the 66 page opinion written by  Clarence Thomas. Look into your  congressional in your political  in your social crystal ball. Of  the issues that Clarence Thomas  put on the table. Uh a same-sex  marriage to voter registration,  to rolling back civil rights,  access to other potential  amendments. What do you think  we should we should look out  for next as a possible danger  to rolling back our rights? All  of the above. All of the above.  Because all of it. Literally is  on the chopping block. If you  read any of the opinions of  these ultra conservative  members, albeit. At least three  under the Trump administration  went before Congress and swore  that they would not go against  president. Uh they swore that  they believed in President.  They believed that Roe V Wade  was the the the the law of the  land. And that these laws were  settled and it would be moving  forward. Right. Yet here we we  see what happened in New York.  We see what happened with Roe V  Wade. We see what happened with  separation of church and state.  When the coach wanted to pray  on the field. Uh read on on a  in an article the other day  that I want to see what those  justices do when a Muslim goes  up and wants to pray. I want to  see what they say when there's  another person of faith of a  faith that they may not believe  in, who wants to pray. Because  see the law gotta recognize one  religion, our favor over  another. So, what's good for  the goose is good for the  gamble. And we know that the  Supreme Court Justice and  Supreme Court has its stacked.  We have every reason to be  concerned. Not to be fearful.  Because we're strong. And we've  overcome great odds. But we  gotta stay awake. We gotta stay  engaged. We gotta stay  involved. And we've gotta hold  Democrats and Republicans  accountable. Or send it home.  You gotta stay. Read the paper.  Look at the news. Be involved.  Tweet. Send notes it really  does make a difference. When  you set that little scribble  note or when you send a tweet  or when you engage in talk  radio and you get people  involved in the church, it  makes a huge difference. just  like the sit-ins and the walks  and the marches, they made a  huge difference then in twenty  twenty-two, use your electronic  platforms. Use your voice to  make sure that people know that  the things that they do to us  will not be accepted that the  consequence and the  consequences to election.  Congressman, we have several  young people who are in here  with us today. I mean, there's  our reflect back on the 90s and  times going by, what are the  solutions back then was and I  remember, I think you were on a  budget committee was that not  only did we tackle crime in  partnership with the federal  government but the Newark  Recreation Department budget is  Miss Eleanor was that  department was doubled. Uh  worked with the mayor to not  add more money to to the budget  pastor Richardson but to double  it. And there was a robust  summer employment happened.  Yeah. Where in 2 years,  seventeen hundred 702000 kids  were hired. Uh in partnership  the business community the  impact of investing in our  youth and giving them  opportunity versus just  investing in policing and  criminal justice. There's a  formula that works. How  important is it to get back to  that type of form? Prevention.  A job should not be to arrest  children. It's to prevent them  from ever being the situation  where they have any irrelevant.  We can go lots of jails. We can  have 2, 000 police officers and  that's all fun. But what What a  bad thing to do is to have 2000  community centers and have  swimming pools and parks  instead of jails and prisons.  Educational opportunities. I'm  proud to. I didn't mention this  but I want to mention because  this is something that I work  closely with with the the  council member on and that is  $3 million dollars. $3 million  dollars that we now have  secured through congress to  build the first ever, the first  ever Community Center and  athletic facility in the ninth  award.  This is G. Brand new. State of  the art. So the kids, the young  people of the ninth ward will  not have to go to play their  sporting events somewhere else.  They will have a home field  state-of-the-art in their  community. That that's the kind  of stuff we need to do more of.  Instead of building jails, we  need to build facilities where  young people will have an  opportunity to recreate,  educate, express themselves,  and enjoy wholesome living.  Making sure that we don't just  build a penal system but we  have a summer jobs, full-time  job. When we were in school, we  had something called decor of  education where you can work  half a day and start working in  the workbooks. If you weren't  going to college, you had  industrial arts where you  learned how to do woodworking  or working with your hands and  learn to weld if you weren't  going to college. Listen,  college is for everybody but  everybody may not want to go.  It's fine. That's fine. And  that's okay. Cuz there's  nothing wrong with it. There's  multiple paths of success to  take. Multiple paths you can  take. Education is one. College  is one, OTEC is one, OJT, on  the job training is another,  and we have to continue to  provide opportunities. So,  these beautiful, young, bright,  talented individuals can have  every shot at success. Every  dream that you can possibly  imagine you can have. And  that's what we wake up for  every day. To make sure that we  create opportunities for all of  you. So you can have better  than we ever had.  the first couple of rounds of  awkward funs dealing with the  pandemic and of course  Hurricane Ida and the disasters  we've dealt with with here. We  still have some of that  funding. But Congress has  talked about a major  infrastructure bill. Uh still  to come. Uh we know a former  mayor Mitchell Andrew and  Cezaar the new federal  infrastructure initiative. But  America's riches and roadways  and byways major disrepair. Uh  out here, there are times when  we wonder if we can even get  out of the district. If we're  trapped by byways and waterways  and bridges that don't work  from one moment to the next.  How close are we to getting  that bill passed so that no  longer be not trapped here and  around in District E. But that  Americans can safely drive down  roads if bridges and we have  railways and and airways. So  the infrastructure bill with  two components to that. The $1.  2 trillion we passed. That that  money is flowing as we speak.  That money's here. And we're  we're seeing it. We cut a  ribbon on the Green bridge.  East of New Orleans. That is  going to be the the first and  that project is all going as we  speak. And and fixing and  repairing a bridge that has  been in disrepair and held  together literally with  bubblegum for many many years  there was a study that was  recently written that showed  that some 25% all critical  infrastructure in our country  is an imminent danger of of  collapse. That's huge. But now  we have a chance to fix it.  This infrastructure bill is the  largest infrastructure bill  since the creation of the  interstate system itself. The  largest investment and capital  projects in the in in our  country under the Biden Harris  administration. Opportunities  Rapid Rail between New Orleans  and Baton Rouge and beyond.  Opportunities for us to fix our  roads and bridges.  Opportunities to make our  resiliency better so that we  are not underwater when storms  come. Um resources to work with  the City Council utilities  committee to put our power  grids underground. So we're not  having these popsicle sticks  that blow over every storm that  comes. Listen, we know that  storms are going to come. Yes.  We know that it come every  year. We know they come  stronger. we know they come  faster. We know they stay  longer. So why don't continuing  to do the same thing over and  over again expecting different  results. The second bill that  the Congressman taught, the  councilman talks about is build  back better. Build back better  was passed in Congress and was  rejected by the US Senate.  Nice. We have the ability to to  pull families out of poverty.  By 60% by having the earned  income tax credit that gave an  additional three or $400 in the  pockets of families. Everyone.  You know that was huge. That's  extra money to buy. School  supplies, to buy food, to pay  utilities, to pay for housing  and childcare. Send it we need  to keep that going. The senate  thought, well, we don't need to  pull people out high. We don't  need to provide resources. How  backwards is that? What are you  thinking when you don't want to  help American families be  there? Black, white,  Republican, or Democrat. All  over the country. In our state,  we had significant improvements  in removing families from  poverty. Unfortunately, you  take away the resource and you  don't replace it with truly not  a development. They slip back.  So, we will to continue to  fight to pass build back  better. Under what other name  we call it, under what other  variation, be it not as big,  maybe a little smaller, maybe  in a different direction but  all of it when we gear toward  helping the American family and  the American experience. We  know that after COVID, that  internet is not a luxury. We  know that you have to have for  a distant learning, for the  ability to have telemedicine,  economic development for jobs.  Now, for the that ever. Through  the infrastructure bill,  everyone in our country will  have access to internet free or  greatly reduced. Thank you. As  we close out, one final  question here in Liberal mingle  by the audience for as long as  we have the North Korea. Uh  just between us, noone else  listening, you know, the  weather. Don't don't mind the  reporting here. Any breaking  news about things we can expect  and look forward to in the  second congressional district  or in this district or the rest  of the city just between us.  Just if if you promise to keep  it here. Well, listen. We we  just finished our our second  round of community projects.  And we continue to work on  those projects that are  critically important for the  state of Louisiana. And for  City of New Orleans and and  specifically for District E.  And I know that I see Sage is  out here. I don't know Reggie  and others but Councilman and I  have been out to Lincoln Beach  on multiple occasions. Uh huh.  When it's hot. When there were  tons and bags of trash that  that that these young people  have totally dragged and pulled  by themselves. You know, not  that holes. Not with cherry  pickers. But with with blood,  sweat, and tears. Well, the  Cowboys come. Uh we mention  500, 000 for the state  abortion. That's in the maiden.  But the the advantage is we are  very close and very prayerful  that we will have 5 million  dollars. Whoo.  To go in the thirteen million  that will give us the  opportunity to have nearly $20  million dollars. To be able to  put Lincoln Beach back in the  place where it should be and  beyond.  I'm always cautious now  domestic so we're not going to  totally celebrate because  remember we still gotta deal  with that other chamber the  senate. But I think they're  going to be okay with us. And  the key for us is to keep  working. And I will tell you  we're here today because of  you. We're here today making  announcements like this because  of the rages and the sages and  the Eastern New Orleans and  that the all of you leaders who  have refused to accept status  quo. Amen. Because you up every  time and you've been organized  and you demand greatness and we  hear you and we're here to  serve. And we'll continue to  keep coming back as often as we  can to talk about great things  happening in our region. I was  a little late today coming  because we just cut the ribbon  on one of 74 sites that will  have the ability to broadcast  on AM station. Five states  power. During storm that we  will stay in constant  communication with the people.  During the hurricane, during  the natural disaster, with in  partnership with WWL Radio and  with the with Fema and the  federal government to make sure  that the people of Louisiana,  Texas, Alabama, five different  states, 74 of these sites in  the whole world. One of them is  right here in New Orleans.  Right here in District E,  executive suites and towers. Uh  we want to thank every who came  out. We're going to mingle for  a while guys. If you all can  catch us individually and ask  questions. But let's give our  Congressman  From seven event like this. So  the question is will this be an  annual opportunity?  Congressman. At least. At a  minimum we'll do this annually.  How frequently has this time  calls? Uh you can tune in. He  won't say it but I'll say it.  You can tune in WBOK on  Thursdays every Thursday  morning. We have a  conversation. Then we talk  about things in real time. I'd  encourage you to to to call and  to listen. But more importantly  call and ask a question. And  we're happy to answer. We don't  have to answer. We're not  going to bubblegum it. We'll  come back and get an answer for  you. And and tell you nothing  but the absolute truth. If it's  going to take a year, I'm  going to tell you a year. If  it's going to take a day, I'll  tell you a day. But what I will  not do is lie to you. And give  a big round of applause for my  together all of the times. Who  who the Chinese coordinator and  a great friend and we're making  equity fellowship. Thank you,  guys. Uh, so much Deedra and  all our staff. All the New  Orleans East community. God  bless y'all. We we appreciate  y'all. 