It's only a graduating senior  here at and I have the honor of  introducing Critic in the third  District C. Councilman Freddy  King.  high school. In the 2006  graduate of Southern Louisiana  University. Why not Southern  Southeastern? All that  Southeastern, Mister King  became a member of the Omega  Psi Phi fraternity  Incorporated. It was a four  year football letter. He was a  member of the team that brought  football back to Southeastern  in two thousand three. After  graduating from Southeast,  there was a degree in political  science Councilman Kingdom  Center Southern University  graduating in 2010. After  finishing law school,  Councilman King started the  King of Law Firm, LLC. the king  also worked in the city of the  Lord. It's the city council's  office. and he served as a New  Orleans Parish public  defendant. Houseman critically  believes in giving back to our  community.  Always. Christmas meal  giveaways. Alexander's  Children's Christmas parties  and senior citizens Christmas  parties. Councilman King also  runs a small business in the  district C right on Luther  Street in Elgin. Also, we pray  to the third is marriage of the  sanity of marriage here and  they have mortality. Please  welcome to Elder Matthew,  Councilman Freddie the third,  District C.  peace. This is just going to  direct it and  Been a part of  He has a lifetime of servant.  out here until the city  and  I also thank you very much for  for this this discussion. In  this incredible school. My  mother graduated from our  brotherhood. I graduated with  with with with with with this  great institution does. A  school that is held so much and  with academic, athletic,  social, value, or our  community. Uh you should be  proud to bear the name of Elder  Glenn on your chest. on your  shirts, in your uniform, on  your helmet, on your pants, is  unique, a school of excellence  with faculty, members that care  about you, and students that  have incredibly, incredibly  bright futures. Today, we're  going to kick off what is our  conversations with the  Congressman with City Council  members of the community. And  the intent is to bring it home.  Uh to talk about things that  are concerned. Some of you may  have greater control. Some may  have muscle control at all. Is  important. It all must be done.  But as much interaction as  possible. Education is one of  those subjects that is very  challenging. It's very  sensitive. And we haven't  always exactly right? We don't  always get, right? We don't  always get a lottery, right?  But if you're smart, then  you're at least willing to  listen. You can learn from  things. You can make it better.  So, through these discussions,  we intend to to listen to you,  to talk about positions, and to  recommit our friendships, our  relationships to get it right,  to do it right, to make sure  that we have the best possible  outcomes for our young people.  In this case, we're  district. What different  discussions? Uh and this is a  very timely one because we know  that there's nothing more  important than providing up to  our young people. And it's  nothing more important than  listening to all sections. Cuz  everyone has something to say.  Everyone has value. Um and that  has always been done as well as  it should be. Everybody hadn't  been listened to as much as  they should there shouldn't be  as much of us against them.  There should be a discussion on  all ideas, views, positions. Or  take it seriously. Because  nothing's more important than  absolute best environment. Our  future. So thank you for  allowing me to be in this  beautiful school, this  beautiful time, this beautiful  community with surgery. Few,  smart, talented.  some some years the present  right here.  Uh Doctor is an all-around  advocate for the students  my second adoptive mother was  Caroline.  uncles and cousins have been  going for a long time. That's a  long time. Allergies educator.  here on behalf of our great  Mayor Mayor Matthew Matthews.  Alright, so we're going to jump  right into the questions.  pharmacy. right here now. and  say graduated high school a  couple last year with Give us  some of your finest moments of  this community and some of the  memory styles in the high  school. Um you know, Audrey is  a very special place. I'm one  of six kids, youngest of six  kids, all went to church Walker  and My sister. One of our  brothers too. My brothers  graduate.  were born written My mother  raised this by herself.  It wasn't always easy. There  were people who were like any  other young black man in  America. Sometimes people said  you couldn't do things that you  wanted to do. but through my  mother's heart prayers. we did  is all you would do. Overcome  those odds. And be to do  anything that you want. Elders  is a is a close-knit It's a  small community. It's a  community where everyone knows  each other. Um but we have  people who take invested  interest in in your success.  You mentioned  We're right here in this  community 2-four seven. treated  us all as their kids. Who took  the best interest in their  success. Ignore nothing else. I  was blessed to have many people  like that while my father was  not active in the household,  there were a lot of fathers in  the community that stepped up  and gave love to which. to  demonstrate that, this notion  that because you poured life,  you can't succeed because you  grew up in a certain community.  You can't succeed because you  didn't have a silver spoon. You  can't succeed Uh I'll have some  school who grew up and  challenged and challenging my  life. But we never thought that  we were less thankful. We never  thought that we were poor.  We've never talked to anybody  about what's best in us. Um and  we did we quieted the noise of  people from market to say we  couldn't do things. I credit  this community for giving me  the opportunity to do that I  credit this opportunity to give  this this community. Algerians  give me the opportunity to to  come back, to stay a part of  the community, to always rather  just do Thanksgiving to our  Thanksgiving dinners, our toy  giveaways, tutorial programs,  all the programs for young  people, our city citizens.  Giving back is very much a part  of the governor's property. Uh,  and looking in the face of the  young people, I see success. I  see the villain of overcomers.  And I want you guys to  recognize that this community  and gave so much for me. Thank  you. I wanted to say  with the I don't think we are  And my grandmother,  grandfather, You know what I  mean?  And I say  Council that's right up front.  Uh is to call it. I was very  proud of the city council.  Change the name last week.  Alright.  and is not true  And it seems as if it's it's  not going what are some things  that has been And what are some  things that you are We have 2  hours. What are you doing?  Number one thing  We started going back We  significantly reduced the  spread of COVID. We encourage  people to wear a mask and young  people to take it seriously. To  recognize that this this virus  No. Mike dislike people.  Everybody's too affected. But  it demonstrated something that  was wrong in our community that  many of us knew. And the world  didn't. The disparities of  healthcare and black food. It  wasn't that COVID liked it. To  attack black communities more  than the other It demonstrated  the lack of helpful, the lack  of attention, undermining  issues and symptoms that went  on in our community that did  not have bad health care and  preventive medicine. And as bad  as COVID was, it was a good  thing. I was able to turn the  lights off. To make sure that  we understand that we have a  provide better health care for  our communities. We have to  engage our young people more.  We have to have young people to  have honest discussion with us  about Seeking better care of  themselves, eating better,  being kinder and gentler to  each other, and equally as  important to ourselves. So,  Covid was, was a, was a, a heck  of a week. Um, but through our  education, through providing  masks and the barriers  community vets, and we're going  into the churches, going to the  neighborhoods, providing  education, or COVID, providing  appropriate masks so people be  safe. Um we learned a whole lot  about  And now that we truly turn to  Corinth,  what's better when we've had  our vaccinations. People are no  longer having to wear a mask as  a mandatory issue. Uh we've  learned that if you if you wash  your hands. Socially distanced  if you wear your mask. If you  get your vaccination. And if  you manage your diabetes.  Manage your high blood  pressure. Watch what you eat.  Those underlying issues that  make COVID so much more  dangerous for us. We can  control rather it's COVID or  any other issue. That we should  all wake up and recognize that  our people should finally this  good eating habits. But in  America's not always, it's not  always easy to eat well.  Because a hamburger because  you're ninety-nine seven. But a  salary cost should sit down.  Something's wrong with that. We  gotta change the dynamic of  creating health in the  healthier living. Uh, in Covid  turned the lights onto that.  And while COVID may be slightly  in We should make sure that we  pay attention to our diets, our  exercise, what we eat. And then  we have to create a better  environment economically. So  people can afford to eat  better. And so all of those  pieces, education, health care,  job I want to thank you. You  are someone who just doesn't  talk but actually does  Arthur first vaccination drive.  as they speak to the the  Next question, how can  support and  LGBTQ right.  On the Yeah, there's a push  across the country. Turn the  clock back a month. One of  which is to try to somehow  soften the effects of slavery.  When you can't soften the  effects of something that's  already happening. You can't  turn back the time of atrocity.  supplements happen to other  people If you really want to  soften it, do better going  forward. But we can't stop  talking about it. We can't take  it out the history books and  said it didn't happen Somehow,  somebody's uncomfortable. Well,  if you're uncomfortable hearing  about it, try to be my  ancestors who lived through it.  Yes. So, we have to be mad that  we continue to educate our  people on that so we'll never  compete. We have to make sure  that as it relates to Covid.  Education or other. That we  stay engaged. That we provide  the resources for our young  people to be healthy. And safe.  When I was a young member of  the House of Representatives.  Uh my very first bill that I  passed was to create Gunfree  Zones. A lot of schools. To  make sure that our young people  were safe. To make sure that  anybody bringing a gun in or  around school hadn't had  studied. Why? make it real  clear to them. Schools are  places for learning. Our  children should not have to  worry about their safety, our  security when they're in the  classroom. So we make it real  clear. Just like a church,  courthouse, airport. Don't come  around school with guns. As our  young people here learn. And  here we are in twenty  twenty-two. And we're still  having to to send that message.  Our beloved HBCUs have been the  threat of bombs. And I had the  opportunity to meet with the  director of FBI. Regional Black  Caucus made it a point. And  we're going to make sure that  kids are protected in  educational facilities. That  also accounts for for high  school. junior high school.  Elevator schools. To make sure  that when you're in this  building, the only thing you  need to think about is murder  Only thing you should have to  worry about is having an  opportunity to use your  sponges, your brains, to absorb  as much knowledge as you can  get in these housing halls  where people care about you.  where they love you and they  want you to do well.  concentrated just kidding. Much  of that knowledge as you get. I  know it's, listen, when I sat  where you sat, I don't need to  go. And I wanted to go that far  And there's the people in all  this. I want to test and I  really did. Just want to go  ahead. And someone along the  line there to pitch it. Make  him realise that it's important  to take advantage of this  opportunity. So from a  progression standpoint, we have  sent money to the states and to  the local government to provide  the mental health. Uh we know  that our young students both a  lot of challenges. It's not  easy doing and and then these  days you guys attacked me very  difficult situations.  Situations at home. Peer  pressure and classroom.  Depression is a real issue. I  don't want you guys to know.  The question is, are life just  like high blood pressure,  diabetes? Wearing glasses are  not wearing glasses? It's a  part of who we are. But none of  this internality. None of it  can't be fixed. So ever  hopeless it may be healed some  days. Or physically or to the  challenge of 18 some days.  We have resources to help.  You're not alone. You don't  have to take on these issues  and battles by yourselves.  Reach out. Know that they love  and care people. And while  you're sitting here right now,  somebody understand.  retaliation. It may have taught  you by yourself. But you're  not. Because other people said  that they have a or maybe  somebody have had an issue with  you how they got older Leah for  it. They need to be here for  each other. And then  We as  a people need to spend  less time talking about each  other. And we're kind of  talking to each other. care for  each other. Not always making  every difference possible. You  may disagree sometimes. You may  disagree. Yeah We have a  responsibility. Step up. Commit  when you are. If you write,  Help someone else find right.  We will protect our resources.  1. 7 million children  infrastructure. Opportunity for  transportation. Opportunities  for nutrition. Making sure that  other people are getting  healthy meals and improvements.  Making sure that you have  academic tools that you need in  the classroom. And God knows  that you gotta keep fighting.  Make sure we pay attention.  There's nobody more important  than teachers. We're in the  classroom. Giving themselves to  make you better. Not because  they're mean that you can call  her. But because they care  about you more. You succeed. My  mother spent 40 years of  pleasure.  retirement, your last  assignment  education  It will give you depths and I  would like to just want to add  High School. Challenging the  difference that I've faced. And  the challenges that we used I'm  nothing more different than the  ones that I face I can imagine  being not you.  of this coming school  lives that I couldn't imagine.  So, if there's anything I can  do in this strange enough.  Hesitate.  And you're pointing the right  direction.  Alright, the audience we have,  we have some students who are  about to graduate from straight  high school And they're also  going to be chatting with life.  Congressman, look, what are you  doing to, to, to access higher  education? Technically career  training, or career in jobs,  right here in New Zealand. One  of the things, one of the,  which is mentioned second will,  that is, we will, we have the  Congress invested more money in  HBCUs, historically, in the  last year.  creating more opportunities for  young people to attend a  traditional four year  institution. We also recognize  Aerial. org too. Go to a  four-year institution that may  not want to. And that does not  define success. The success  comes in lots of different  ways. Somebody decided they  would go to vocational  institution  Community College You know,  success comes in a lot of  different flavors, shapes,  sizes, and it's different from  different people. So, we  want to create as many  opportunities for you to be  your authentic self.  define the world you want to be  a part of. To give you  opportunities to academic  success, economic success,  spiritual success, life  success. So, what we have made  it important to do is to know  about research In one of the  most inevitable things that  have ever accomplished to do is  to recognize that there's a  separation between  The most significant thing that  we can do to assist in those  areas that we do not have  direct jurisdiction is provided  resources. send money to the  states. Dedication. Be it  healthier. Be it crime  prevention. Be it mental  health. Citizens. And that's  what we know.  But  various programs and grants for  nutrition and education we have  and continue to set millions of  dollars. Two,  City councils  to nonprofits. A huge part of  the 1. seven trillion dollars  that we had to that we were  able to ask if infrastructure's  built. 50% of that is available  through Bid. Not Bid, sorry,  who  Christ. So individual  organizations that are out  there, you have the ability to  go to the website, the  government website. You can go  to my website, and you can look  at the mail of money that's out  there for, none of them,  trading, education, or  programming that may fit and  it's competitive but it's  you're not bidding against  someone else. You're bidding  against yourself. what it is  that you want to do. So, 50% of  that infrastructure market is  money that can be applied To do  things in the community. We  encourage all of our bodies to  go and seek it to fix. But if  there's a fish, shall resources  that federal government has  provided every day so we can  bring these resources back home  to the people and give them an  opportunity to be a part of  Washington to make sure that it  trickles down. And that's why  I'm here today. That's why  we're doing these these  discussions with Congressman. I  want people to know that when  we're in Washington, we're  working hard. We're fighting to  bring resources home. But we're  not so far removed that we are  still touched people. That we  drive on safe streets. We live  in the same community. We see  the same carjacking. You  want to stop it. You want to  you want to stop the  carjacking. You want to stop  the murder. You want to the  best education want to stop the  unemployment and we want to  bring resource to let you know  that Harvard Bad looks it's a  non advantage of it and we're  going to make it better.  and We share more details about  these projects, especially  those that related to ancient  research and strengthening  communities right here in New  York. Absolutely. Um we're very  fortunate to last month.  Community projects to get some  dirty million dollars to pump  right back into to my  congressional district and heal  correction. Uh money that goes  to education. Money that goes  to ADA requirements, making  sure that we make our parks  more accessible to people that  have disabilities, people with  military people who find a  little bit more challenging to  get around with some and we  should make sure that those  parks and those public places  are easy for them to navigate.  The schools are easy for them  to navigate that academics  particularly in the area of  technology, engineering, and  math stem. that we encourage  right now people to recognize  that math and the hard sciences  isn't hard if you ignore the  thought that sometimes we have  this pregnant so I don't like  maths so I don't have to try  it. That is, it's, it's, if you  start, whether it's fundamental  building blocks of  understanding basis, it becomes  easier and easier. But like  anything, you missed the first  couple of steps and you try to  step start a step of twenty,  that's step five. This could be  hard. And easy to just sound  alike. Because you're trying to  start a step by. And it's never  too late to go back to step  one. And once you conquer step  one, you realize two, three,  four, five Honour becomes easy.  So we're doubling that if you  will investigate education. So  our young people will  understand math is not  something that you should throw  your hands up and say I don't  like all that good at that  tutorial. You'll be good at it  once you go back to step one  tonight. Step one. You learn  how to ride a bike. You didn't  start popping wheelies before  you go out of rider. you just  get on your skateboard and do a  360 before you go unbalance  yourself. You didn't get on the  high court if we find out to do  a basic stroke. So like  anything, you start at the  fundamental steps and and we've  invested that to make sure  young people are very  comfortable. Making sure that  your academic experiences are  met with with comfort, disease,  child. yes. Cuz challenges are  quite growth. But also  recognizes that at the end of  the day, it's not about  tricking. It's not about by the  and making sure they're  successful. So, help us with  after-school programs to make  sure that your homework Making  sure that you've got a solid  nutrition base because at the  honey meat gets steady. You  can't if if your belly is  frowned, you can't you can't  concentrate. And if you didn't  eat food, it keeps nutritional  value. You're not going to have  a kind of mental health that  you need. So we need to fix all  of this. And those who are  chronically  I was talking to you and me on  that because I was that  student. Yes. Who said, man, I  don't like that. And in my  mind, I said, that's my work  cycle. Before I ever tried it.  sit down and play food that are  like and believe in something  that somebody else said about  what you can't do. And for it.  For anybody And I'm here to  tell you, I have since figured  out that. It took me a long  time. And if I hadn't listened  to the world many many years  ago, I doubt about Susan. I had  to go back to basics. I had to  go back. To figure out how to  make up a little structure. I  tried to take. But once I went  back after seven months ago,  how many times? Because one  block, I got one block.  Are you an advocate for massive  infrastructure  Rose, rookies, water system,  and so much more This also  includes money from broadband  and critical part of  infrastructure. We speak about  I know that to increase access  to internet. Especially  one of the most significant  things infrastructure modern,  life-changing, transformational  opportunity. One of them again,  as I mentioned with the COVID,  we learned a lot from the COVID  forces to open their eyes and  see things like the nutrition  engineer, economic is good. One  thing also thought is that in  twenty twenty-two, having  access to internet is not a  South because there's no no  wiring because they live in  rural parts of of our state  that just don't happen. the  some of us didn't approve. But  we know that the world has  forever changed. Covid cannot  zoom. tease, and FaceTime and  distant learning and childhood  views and business  opportunities and meetings with  community groups, even  churches. Are not online.  Whatever you don't have. If you  can't go and do research class.  But you can't get instructions  from the teacher because the  teacher is giving it via Zoom  or our computer. You're not  into that. You have to go sit  the park on McDonald's. So you  get internet.  Not Mary. Not the richest  country in the world. Not a  country that provides age, age,  people all over the world. We  shouldn't have our people. Not  have access to places. So, we  fought to make sure that  everybody to Nineveh. So no  longer will anybody be left  behind because they don't have  the bare minimum of a  necessity. If internet in  twenty 22 is is as essential as  air conditioned water.  we now have past resources and  every  Some of the challenges that I  would face Um internet access  is one of those that shown. So  I I think he's putting the work  What advice would you give to  these students as they  recognize  and as a sense of faith,  Believe in yourself.  No matter what anybody tells  you, God's counsel. the  so-called friend. Who said you  couldn't do something? So I  won't be a doctor anything. You  won't be a football player. You  want me to slowly teach man  early? Let it be. Strength. The  strength that you need to see  as such. Take all those  dollars. Take all those people  who said you couldn't do  something. Make them alive.  Now, there's a separation of  churches, church state  Congressman John Lewis. And he  speaks of good trouble. Imma  get in a good trouble right  now.  Imma tell you to pray. I want  you to trust God. Imma tell you  that you're never too young,  too old, too rich, too poor,  too this, too that. And you  don't have to do it in a fancy  way. You don't have to do it in  any kind of form or fashion.  You don't have to do it on  Sunday. You don't have to do it  when somebody's watching. Do it  in your own personal way  between just you and God. and  look up as a bad guy Protect.  On my steps. I don't always get  it right Lord. Show me the  trusted God and prayed for  yourselves and prayed for each  other. Love each other and take  advantage of the opportunity to  learn as much as you can learn  in this incredible institution.  where you got the best  administrators, teachers,  faculty, staff, custodians,  cooks, security, coaches,  parents, and friends They love  them and they wanted to  succeed. You can't go with that  too. And work hard. And  believe. You gotta dream big.  Then you gotta believe you get  on how to lead it. If your  dreams don't scare you you are  dreaming  If your dreams don't scare. If  your dreams don't feel  unachievable, if your dreams  seem too far away, if they  don't,  So you're supposed to look at  things that people say you  can't do. And find a way to do  it. Why?  Why?  Gift.  smart, talented, joking  about and nobody's stopping and  nobody stop you. My words to  you, take advantage of every  opportunity.  and along with  The gift of gift, gift of love,  of health. As you want gift, as  you give it away, give it  We follow each other. We  believe in each other. Look out  for each other. You know, they  say, I am our brother's keeper  You really are. And brother is  a general attorney. Sister's  keeper.  Keeper. Daddy's keeper. Love  each other And I guarantee you  success. Thank you. Firstly,  unfortunately,  Always appreciated how hard you  work.  Real quick, can you just tell  us how competitively it is  Other states.  or Saint Baptist. He was born  again. See the people how hard  they were. So As a member of  Congress, I am one of five and  thirtyfive members in the  entire world. as members first  of one of 435 members in the  entire world. That's a teeny  percentage of people that have  the responsibility with others  But I don't say lepers. I say  it because at four hundred and  thirty-four other nerves were  all trying to get the same  piece of body. Everybody wants  to bring it home. That 7  billion to 30 million one. 2  trillion. Everybody is fighting  to get a piece of that. To  bring that home. So imagine  waking up every day in  Washington. And having to study  a little bit more. Do a little  bit more relationship.  Understand the process a little  bit better. Attend this  meeting. Attend that meeting.  Figure out how to maneuver. How  to amend the bill. How to put  budget requests in. How to  argue with the defendant.  Meritorious project schools,  activities, events, programs.  It's very It's very repetitive  and those who get more, those  who stay late. Those who wake  up early. Those who take the  time to learn the process and  to really learn how to  negotiate and navigate the  process. I thank god that we've  very successful. They would  bring a lot of money out. But  it doesn't come easy. As you  know, as members of the city  council have done hard, you  work in how difficult it is for  you to balance East Bank, West  Bank. Different ideas,  different philosophies, people  that all, they, they've done it  right, you've done it wrong,  you've done it right, they've  done it wrong. They don't even  give a day. We gotta argue,  right? Oh, we can all do wrong.  But the key is to never stop  fighting, never stop working,  and my day in Washington  started very early and I very  rarely make it back home. We're  not fighting.  It's everyday. But that's what  it takes to do what you do.  That's what it takes to be able  to. Michael Jordan did become a  best basketball player.  Denzel Washington did not  become an outstanding actor  Christ. Maya Angelou not right,  some of the most prolific  poems. Stepping up. Is it worth  that? It's been forced before.  If ever you choose to do, be  the best at it. Give it all.  Work hard. I go to Washington  and I will be a part. I work  hard because I love what I do  and I love the people that I  represent. Thank you  Congressman. That concludes our  discussion but I have one more.  One more. When did you start  with your your  I started very young. Yes. And  I started at church. and it was  politics that was just helping  people.  I happen to do that. Uh I mean,  I started my first I guess it  started probably In high  school, when I I was in ROTC.  the apes. I graduated in  nineteen eighty-two. How am I  doing that? And I I was I was  active in the community. And  then through my further  academic. Undergraduate  graduate experiences. And then  I got elected when I was 26  years old. Okay. That was  nineteen ninety-one. Thank  ninety-one.  And but my giving and my  community and activism and my  community involved with much  bigger than by being elected.  Much bigger than my admin  elective officer having  retired. It was always about  the work of the community. And  I think where the county is  going is saying you don't have  to do it like you don't have to  be older. I mean at your age.  Volunteering. Helping the  church. Um  Get involved Whether you  want to be the next  Congressman, mayor, Councilman.  You don't have to want to be a  politician to get back. You  don't have to be a preacher to  want to help somebody do it  right direction. You don't have  to be teachers to help somebody  with their homework. You don't  have to be a guidance  counselor. You need guidance.  Be good first And you'd be  surprised in dividends at age.  Good evening brothers, sister  babies.  First what?  and for black students.  First Congressman  But I wanted to give you  Say the word festivals. Famous  citizens many visitors in this  music culture. And whereas  Council Brother Ives privacy  Charles A car seat for a  lifetime of service to the city  of New Orleans and have this  community. And whereas soon  after graduating university 6  years as effective assistant to  in nineteen First African  American to be budgeted to  Louisiana House and under the  second district. Where he  served as the youngest ever  Lord leader representing the  city of New Orleans. And for us  in 1994 Congressman Carter must  invite you to the walls in  council representing District  C. Again, African American  elected to the position. In 20  15, Congressman Carter was  elected to the state senate or  Louisiana 7th district And  whereas the twenty twentyone  Congressman Carter was elected  to represent Louisiana's second  Congressional District.  Therefore, fearful claim.  Council for the city of New  Orleans graduate recognizes  fraud and 