r proven that they funded the lab work, COVID was created. All right. Congressman Buddy Carter joins us tonight to talk more about this or it's good to have you on and in the studio. Your reaction to what we've learned from this subcommittee at this point. Well you know, it's not really surprising if you ask me, I'm the one who sponsored the firefight forward. Fauci Bill. Yeah you know, a long time ago. I mean, let's face it. He has lied to us, and as a result of him lying to us people have died. And the media. The tech companies have have covered for him, and there's no question that there's something here. That's why this week we're going to be voting on Senate Bill 6 19 which will allow us to actually . Look at the COVID origins and to study those It will do two things. First of all, it will determine required the president to declassify any information that will link the origin of COVID-19 to the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Secondly it'll make sure that the director of national intelligence here in America And make sure that we protect our procedures and our methods and that's very important as well. So we need to get to the bottom of this. There's no question about it. Is it? Is it astonishing to you that I mean it's almost it feels like one of those too big to fail moments in this country where it seems like it's something that's of such a size and such a scale. It is such an unbelievable scandal. If we ever get it physically, the proof of it. You wonder if they'll ever even let us have all of that? Or if they'll even ever admitted because it seems like there is a huge faction in this country politically and media wise that just wants to act like all of this evidence doesn't really exist and there, I think there's a lot of truth to that. But look this. This is extremely important to not let this happen again or in order to be better prepared. We have to know the truth. We have to know how it originated originated in Wuhan Institute of Virology. Was it leak are or was it truly something else? In order to prevent this in order to learn what we did, right? What we did wrong What we can do better next time we have to understand the truth. That's why we've got to get to the bottom of this. Everything that's been laid out at this point. Can you see any other possible? I mean, I've racked my brain for an explanation as to why they would behave this way. Why they would be commandeering these studies, obviously pushing doctors in a certain direction then and more. So why would Fauci get up in front of the American people? Quote this Study that he commissioned himself with doctors that he knew and then pretend like he had He had no hands on it. He doesn't even know who the guys are. They can go get their names if anybody needs it to say that in front of the American people, I think it's perfect case and in the West served in Georgia State Legislature, the first thing they taught us in Georgia House was when you're in a hole. Stop digging. Well he continued to dig think it got worse and worse. So here's I want to put this up. This is from from CNN here. CNN's ex boss Zucker at the time who ran CNN during the Trump years, of course, told his staff not to probe the lab leak theory because it was a trump talking point. So that's one of the biggest media organizations in the world. Don't look at this story. Don't investigate this story. Don't touch the story because it's beneficial to Donald Trump. You know, it's not surprising again. I mean, I'm convinced you know this this country and particularly the Democrats, and in the other party will never get over Donald Trump. I mean, let's face it what we're witnessing at the Southern border Right now. I'm convinced there's just nothing more than whatever Donald Trump did. We're going to do just the opposite. And look at the mess. We've got down there. Same thing here. They wanted to make sure and pin the blame on Donald Trump as much as they could, and again. The reason why this is so dangerous because it is extremely important for us to understand what we did right. What we did wrong how we can prevent this in the future. We can only do that if we 