Ms. Titus of Nevada. Thank you, I want to thank Chairman Ross Royce and the ranking member Engel too, for making this a priority for this committee. I think it's very important. I'm a co-sponsor of the Delta Act, and I look forward to its passing. I Also thank the witnesses for the things that they have done in this area,, and I think the United States has made some progress. But I sense a trend that is concerning to me, and with some of the things you've mentioned, I'd like to point out others. I think we're taking two steps forward and one step back. If you look at what's happening lately, you've got proposed cuts to the budget that's going to make it difficult to continue in this policy area. You've got several regulatory actions have taken place with the fish and wildlife service. You got the Memorandum on trophy hunting, now we're going to consider trophies on a case-by-case basis as opposed to having an overall policy. And the second one that's just coming out more recently is that the extreme hunting rules that allow us now to cut baby bears and wolf cubs in their lairs, I don't think that's the step in the right direction, and then third, you've got interior secretary Mr. Zinke creating an international wildlife conservation council. That's kind of like calling the agency that allows more pollution the Blue Sky initiative. If you look at who's on that Commission, it's somebody from the Safari Club, the sportsmen foundation, the director of hunting policy at the nra, and several other groups that promote trophy hunting. Now if we're going to lead by example, I don't think these are very good examples. And i wonder if y'all would comment on what you see as problems that might be created by this new trend under the Trump administration. In relation to the trophy hunting issue, just picking up on that one, it's a particularly important one, because trophy hunting can be an extremely good conservation tool if used appropriately. And It opens up, it keeps a lot of land, particularly in Africa but other parts of the world, under wild habitat by giving an economic value for it if it's well-managed. So for example, we work on an operation on trophy hunting of mark or sheep in Pakistan and support the local communities there, and it's helping them to preserve the mark or sheep. But as an industry it is notoriously corrupt and the US by having very strict regulations and a good policy previously, has not contributed to the problem. But by loosening the regulations then that really is a concern, because It's corrupt in terms all on the scale for getting licenses to hunt the wrong species, the wrong age, the wrong sex. And while the exporting countries, where the hunting is being done, we don't always have a lot of control over, but we can have control over the importing countries for those trophies. So yes, we share that same concern. Thank you. Ms. Peters? I also want to second what Dr. Bennett said about hunting in certain cases being a tool for conservation. I also, want to second what she said about the importance of it being well regulated. We've we've done a number of investigations into poorly managed hunting programs or or poaching that's taking place under the guise of hunting, particularly in places like South Africa with regards to rhino. So I agree, I don't think it's a good idea to be loosening regulations in the United States around hunting. We have a fairly well managed hunting programs domestically, and and we should have the same level of legislation about it internationally. Ms. Stewart do you want to add anything? You know I certainly think that international wildlife trafficking has a number of great allies in Congress both on the democratic Democrat and Republican side, so Itrust that those legislators will work to try to maintain and restore adequate funding for the international efforts and programs that the US has been conducting that have been proven to be effective. Well i think there's a lot, to be said for Legislation for regulation but, also for leading by example, and a picture of the president's son standing over a dead elephant or a giraffe, doesn't seem to me to be leading by example, at a time, when even China, is moving in the opposite direction. So i think it should be an all-encompassing policy, not just focused on the criminal aspects of it. So thank you very much, I yield back. Thank you very much Mr. Smith