Ranking member, other members of the committee: Unlike most of the people who are before you today asking for money, I'm here asking you not to spend mine. The relationship between the Department of Energy agencies and the State of Nevada has been a long and difficult one. For three decades DOE has tried to force Nevada to become the dumping ground for the nation's waste, a proposal we've fought since the Screw Nevada Act was signed into law in 1987. We don't use nuclear energy, we don't produce nuclear waste, and we shouldn't be forced to store it. In 2009, President Obama rightfully announced that the administration wouldn't seek funding for this misguided project. In 2012 then the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future advocated for a consent-based siting of nuclear repositories. That sentiment was echoed by the recent reset of America's nuclear waste management strategy and policies report that was led by a panel of experts including former Nuclear Regulatory Commission members. This is what most nuclear nations around the world have done or are doing to address nuclear waste, yet the administration, along with some of their friends here on the hill, are continuing to pursue this failed strategy. Accordingly, the budget submitted by the president includes 116 million dollars to restart the Yucca Mountain licensing process. This figure actually hides the real cost of continuing down this path. In 2008, DOE estimated that without major interruptions and if the nearly 400 contentions raised by the state of Nevada are somehow adjudicated and dismissed, it would still take 1.66 billion dollars just to complete the licensing process. And if that were to happen, according to an estimate by the state of Nevada based on cost studies prepared by DOE, construction to complete the Yucca Mountain repository would cost an additional 96 billion dollars. Ninety-six billion dollars: that figure doesn't even take into account the cost of transportation of this highly nuclear active waste that would go through 44 States and the District of Columbia including 330 congressional districts. It would ride on nearly 100,000 trucks, which is an average of four to six trucks every day, for 50 years. Congress has already wasted 15 billion dollars on this doomed project that's now just a hole in the ground, and we shouldn't waste a penny more. The process that has gotten us this far was driven by bad politics, not good science. There are serious concerns about seismic hazards near Yucca Mountain. The project would border on the largest air and ground military training space in the United States, that's the Nevada test and training range, which has caused the Secretary of the Air Force to express concerns about Yucca Mountain. So until we recognize here in Congress that without the consent of the state, the affected local governments and tribal communities, there's just not going to be a reasonable solution to storing this waste. I think we need to look for a solution. We don't want to just say no, but this is not it.