I rise in very strong support [of] Hr. 2288, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017. Fixing this outdated system was one of my top priorities while I served as ranking member [of] the VA Disability Assistance and Memorial [affairs] subcommittee. When I assumed that position, much of the focus was on the VA disability claims backlog, which had just ballooned, causing many veterans to wait almost two years just for their initial claim decision. After that backlog was addressed and reduced, the problem shifted to the appeals process, where today as you have heard almost four hundred [and] seventy thousand veterans are currently waiting in an overburdened and [overcomplicated] system that was first developed in the 1930s and last updated in the 1980s. I hear from my veteran constituents who are stuck in this appeals process about the need for reform. One veteran we are helping in Las Vegas has been working since August of 2013 to have his appeal adjudicated and another Nevada veteran, who out of desperation came to my office, took four years to [complete] his process. So obviously the current system is just unacceptable, [and] if we don't act, It's only going to get worse. We've heard statistics that soon veterans may be waiting for more than a decade just to have their appeals adjudicated. Last year working closely with the VA, with the committee, and with many of our partners in the VSO Community, I introduced legislation to address this outdated process. And I am very proud that my proposal is the basis for the legislation we're considering today. The changes that were made to that legislation are positive additions, and I appreciate the work that Chairman Bost and ranking member Esty have done to improve the bill and bring it to the floor. So I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together to recognize, to help, to assist our veterans and support this bill. Then I want to to tell our friends in the Senate. [you've] got to act quickly - we've just got to get this done. Thank you, and I yield back.