Okay. Good afternoon. Good  afternoon. My name is Tanya  Davis Johnson. I am Chief of  Staff to Congressman Troy  Carter, the honorable Troy  Carter of Louisiana serving the  second congressional district.  It is my privilege to welcome  you to the Congressman's  Disaster Preparedness webinar  today. Thank you for joining  this event. This presentation  is being recorded and will be  available through the Hurricane  Season for everyone to view. As  we head into the peak of this  year's hurricane season,  Congressman Carter and his  staff will like to make sure  you have the information and  updates you need to be safe and  prepared. Joining us today are  representatives from Fema, SBA,  the Louisiana Department of  Insurance, and the Governor's  Office of Homeland Security and  Emergency Preparedness. Often  referred to as Scosep. We are  grateful for their time and  participation. There will not  be an opportunity for questions  and answers in this session.  But you can always contact the  office. Um and our website is  Troy Carter. house. gov  backslash contact or by calling  office in DC at two zero two  two five six six three six or  in the district office at five  zero four two eighteight -three  7 7 7. Now, I am pleased to  introduce to you our  congressman representing  Louisiana's second  congressional district, Troy A  Carter Senior.  Thank you, Tonya. Uh welcome  everyone to this informational  webinar on disaster  preparedness. I'm grateful that  you're joining us today. We  know that storms come every  year but the trend recently is  that in Louisiana, the entire  gulf and the entire Gulf Coast  is expecting stronger and more  frequent storms every season.  There have been more category 4  and 5 storms in the past five  years than the past few  decades. We have to always be  ready As founder and chair of  the bipartisan disaster  preparedness and recovery  caucus and a member of the  House Transportation Committee,  Transportation Committee in  Washington DC. I'm working hard  to strengthen and reform a  nation's infrastructure and  disaster response and recovery  programs. We know there's a lot  of room to do better and to  improve on our response for  people. And that works. And I'm  excited to lead in Washington  and effort and I'd be remiss if  I didn't take this moment to  thank those individuals that  work day in, day out in  disaster preparedness across  the country. Although we know  we can do better, we thank God  for the work that we've been  able to do and look forward to  doing much better as we go  forward. With the passage of  the infrastructure law and  other federal programs in  place, a stronger Louisiana  that can withstand future  storms is emerging. However, to  ensure safety and well being,  we all must do our part to be  prepared during the hurricane  season. That's why  We're here today. I'm proud to  host this disaster preparedness  webinar so that the public has  a chance to hear directly from  the experts at our federal and  state agencies on how to  effectively prepare ahead of  the storm. We're joined today  by Angel Rogers from Fema,  Shashil Kumar from SBA, Ruby  Douglas, from Gosep, and Ron  Henderson for the Louisiana  Department of Insurance. We're  grateful that they're able to  join us and to speak with you  today. I look forward to work  with all of our federal and  state agencies as we move  forward to improve and  streamline our disaster  preparedness. Response and  recovery serving the the great  people of the Gulf Coast. This  is an opportunity for us to  come together to listen and to  be aware of all those things  that give us the opportunity to  make sure that we're ready. We  know these storms come harder.  They come faster. They stay  longer. It is incumbent upon us  to make sure that we bring  resources to the people that  will allow us to be ready,  prepared, resolved. Thank you  and I'll turn the back the mic  back over to our Chief of  Staff, Sonia Davis Johnson.  Thank you all. Thank you,  Congressman for all the work  that you do here in Washington  and at home. Um what we're  going to do now is we're  going to get started with our  opening remarks from each of  our representatives here. We  can start off with mister let's  see. Nope. We're going to start  off with miss Angel Rogers from  Fema which are opening remarks,  miss Andrea Rogers. Thank you  so much Congressman Carter and  to your staff for inviting us  to be here today. Um so, just  wanted to introduce myself. My  name is Angel Kimball Rogers.  Um I am the individual  assistance branch director here  at Fema for the State of  Louisiana and work closely with  our state partners, non-profit  organizations, and faith-based  organizations. Um both in  response and recovery. But  today, we're talking more about  where we are with being  prepared. Um and so as many of  you know we do not get involved  with the disaster until we're  invited to come in by the state  itself. Um once again this  would be considered a federally  declared disaster. Um and at  this time what I'd like to go  over is that once a disaster  has been declared one of the  most important things is to  call Fema through our 1800  number. Um and that number  would be one eight hundred six  two one three three six two. Or  as many people know it as one  eight six two one Fema. You can  also register by going to WWW.  Disaster Assistance. gov or  Fema now has an app that you  can download on your phone. As  Congressman Carter mentioned  before, disasters are frequent  in the state of Louisiana and  so having that app often  provides a census of security  where you can not only register  but keep up with your case as  we're moving forward. Um some  of the primary things to keep  with you when you're  registering with Fema is to  make sure that you're providing  household information to  include the members of your  household at the time of  registration. There's Social  Security numbers, dates of  birth, any damage information  that you're able to report at  this time. Um bank information  is extremely important because  we do do direct deposit. Um and  then also any other identifying  information that you may have.  So, not only your insurance  information but any additional  documentation such as ownership  of the house, your lease that  you may have if you're a  renter, or also your  billing information as well.  Please keep in mind for those  folks that are insured, it is  important to also register with  Fema. What we saw with  Hurricane Ida is that several  people didn't get information  back from their insurance  adjuster until later on during  the disaster. And so, there are  many programs that we can offer  to assist individuals who are  still waiting on their  insurance to make those  determinations. Um along with  that, there are many things  that we also work with as it  relates to direct housing if  needed, rental assistance, you  know, repairs to your home but  one of the key things that we  need to make sure is that we're  not duplicating benefits and  this is why documentation is  really key as you guys are  registering for Fema. We  want to make sure that you're  also providing and uploading  that documentation. The  document upload can either be  done once again by fax or you  can also upload it through your  app or by contacting Fema  directly and providing that  information and then they can  be sure to provide you with  mailing addresses as needed. Um  the other thing that I'll share  with Fema as well is that you  know, we are a temporary  program that's there to help  you but what would come first  would be your insurance should  should you are insured. Um we  want to make sure that your  when you provide that  documentation, we will send an  inspector that will go out to  your house, determine the  amount of damages that you have  and then from there, determine  if you're under insured, not  insured at all, obviously, and  then, it also relates to what  type of apparel you had. If  it's homeowners, insurance  based on a wind event, a  hurricane, or fits flood  insurance. Um so, just making  sure that those documentations  are properly uploaded and that  we are having an inspector go  out there to determine the  amount of damages that you  have. So, once again, the key  thing is when it comes to Fema  is to please register one eight  hundred six two one Fema which  is three three six two or  through Disaster Assistance.  gov. Thank you. Thank you so  much, Angel. Um and I would be  remiss if I didn't remind them  of your official title. She is  the individual assistance  branch director in the state of  Louisiana for Fema for the past  17 years. We definitely  appreciate you being with us  today. Thank you so much. We're  going to now move over to  mister Ron Henderson. He is the  deputy commissioner from  Louisiana Department of  Insurance. He serves in this  division of consumer advocacy,  diversity, and ship for with 25  years of experience. Mister  Henderson, we appreciate you  being his Well, can you give us  your opening remarks, please?  Thank you. Thank you so much,  congressman, staff for having  me, my fellow panelists. You  know, as you guys know,  insurance is a very important  part of recovery. Uh probably  one of the most important parts  of it, recovery. So, during  this time, to be vigilant and  understand what a policy does  and what it's supposed to do is  is just super super important.  Um you know, knowing the  difference between a a ACV or  actual cash value and  recoverable cost value policy  is a big big deal. So, people  have to have, have to  understand that look, we  understand that you're dealing  with the agent and the company  but you also have to read those  policies. You have to read the  paperwork that comes in Every  year, that policy changes.  Every single year, you may get  a policy change. Making sure  that you read and understand  that information is imperative.  I mean, as far as being  prepared for a storm, the time  to read the policy is not after  the storm. It's happening.  You've had damage. Because at  that point, you're your  pedicure, you're upset, you're  trying to figure out what your  loss is, how am I going to  recover from this loss, and  trying to find that provision  and the policy that helps you,  it's not going to be fairly  easy. I know, I sit in these  these disaster recovery places  that people bring me their  policies or what they think is  their policies and it's the  deck page, right? Two pages  rather than the 3-6 page  insurance policy where I can  show you, okay, this is where  you find this provision. Um it  is very, very important just to  take the time out to read that  policy. Making sure you know  where where it's located. I  have copies of my policy, my  backpack. I have a copy of the  my policy at my brother's house  in Houston. Um I have one on  the cloud. I have one stored on  the on the jump drive. Because  I want to make sure if  something happens, I have to  get out of town. I can pull  that that thing up at a  heartbeat notice. You guys  would be surprised to to to  know that many people don't  even know who their insurance  company is. you gotta know  who's your insurance company.  Most people, when they call  here, they go, hey, I was with,  you know, Ron Brown Insurance  Agency. Well, that's not your  company, that's your agency.  taking the time out to read  that information. I mean, and  I'm not asking consumers to go  on and read it like I would  read it but I'm asking them to  go, hey, let's tap this  provision off. How does my  Liberty expenses? How are they  calculated? My debt page.  What's my deductible? What's my  hurricane deductible? What's my  all perils deductible? What  does it mean to have those  things? What are my exclusions?  That's the biggest part of of  dealing with a an insurance  policy. When I read my policy,  first thing I do is I go to  exclusions because I want to  know what they're not going to  pay for first And then when I  go back do the policy, I go,  okay, they said they weren't  going to pay for this, but you  know, you'd be surprised, okay,  Moe's not covered, except for,  when it's caused by a cover  apparel. So, those are all  little things you have to look  for, little nuances in the  policy, as well as being  physically prepared. I mean,  putting away a patio furniture,  boarding windows, and that  stuff. You have to be mentally  prepared and, and prepared to  go into that policy and have  some ammunition to deal with  the insurance company. You  know, they send an adjuster out  and, and, you know, and a  widespread disaster like we  just had in item, and not to  Laura Delta Zeta which were all  disasters in their own right.  You you you when you have a  10000 adjusters on the ground,  I have never ever in my life  seen a and I've been here 25  years. An adjustment of first  instance in the disaster that  was 100% correct unless it was  a total loss. Because they're  there for 15, 20, 30 minutes.  There's no way they can figure  it all out. In that short time.  So gotta get a you have to get  a contractor, a roofer, or  someone else to come and take a  look and then you provide your  supplements and the things that  you need to in order to get  back on your feet. The the the  biggest issue is you have to  have insurance if you have a  mortgage. Flood insurance is  one of the most important parts  of it because homeowners  insurance does not cover blood.  We and our here in Louisiana,  58 of our 64 parishes have had  emergency disaster for flood  since two thousand and sixteen.  58 about 64 parishes. Louisiana  is a flood zone. All of it. Not  just the lower part of it. I  mean there's a lake. There's a  bay. There's something nearby.  So you know people have to  understand these policies mean  something. And the median when  when we had 2016 for us in  Baton Rouge. The people who did  not have insurance who relied  on Fema not. Look Fema thank  you guys so much. You came in a  hurry. You guys were were on  horses coming in to say, help  the people of Louisiana but the  median family got $8, hundred  dollars for their recovery or  to put them in a place so they  can start the recovery. The  media family that had flood  insurance got on average $93000  dollars. That's a big  difference. So, if there's  anything that I would say for  as far as having issues is, you  gotta read it. Pick it up. Open  it. Read it. Tab off, know  where it's at when it's time to  to start to recover because  believe me, that agent that  that adjuster, if you're  dealing with your agency, your  agent, your agent's probably in  recovery mode himself or  herself. how how tentative are  they going to be to your needs?  Don't know. That adjuster  probably has 100 clients to go  see. How attentive are they  going to be? Don't know. But  making sure that you have a  little bit of understanding how  that policy work works and how  to ask and what questions to  ask are going to make a big  difference in the way you  recover. Thank you. Wow. Thank  you so much for that. I'm just  going to do a quick recap. Um  Angel mentioned that  documentation is key and you  must register so hopefully we  have shared the link for folks  to be able to register, to be  able to get online, and get  that information but  documentation is key. So, make  sure that you have proper  documentation as you're going  through the process and then,  something mister Ron just said  is, you gotta read the  paperwork, right? You can't  just think that it's going to  all work itself out but read  the paperwork and understanding  it is most important and be  very diligent and understanding  the type of policy you have.  Mister Ryan, if you would, drop  in chat so that our staff will  be able to get the information  regarding the difference  between ACD and a VC policy. Um  also remember to send a copy to  a family member or it's upload  one to the call to your Gmail.  I'm not supporting them.  However, I'm just letting you  know they have a great cloud  service that holds your  information forever. So, that's  a great place to just hold it  in Email. You actually don't  have to send it to anyone else.  You can actually send it to  yourself and it's going to sit  there. So, that's some great  information. We're now move  over to. We're still within.  We're going to go to mister  apologize for that. Kumar, SBA  Public Information Officer in  the Office of Disaster  Assistance for our business  owner, field operations. He's  been there for almost 11 years.  He's a great friend of our  office and so we really  appreciate you being available  to answer our many questions  and we're going to turn it over  to you, sir.  and Chief of Staff, Congressman  Carter, Dimitri, and your  entire staff. It's a privilege  and honor to to serve the  honorable congressman, not only  for his leadership in in  Washington DC, but on the  ground in New Orleans. Uh my my  name is Sushil and my role is  primarily to work with the  Hendersons of the World, the  Ruby Douglas of the World, the  Angel Rogers of the World, and  the collaborative fashion. And  the reason collaborative is in  a presidential declaration.  Ruby's team requests a survey  that is primarily manned by a  state, Fema, SBA folks, and  then based on the scope of  damages, they tend to be very  catastrophic and and the state  of Louisiana. Um a presidential  declaration is forged. and the  minute the state asks for  individual assistance SBA, we  land concurrently with with  Fema to help assist with the  co-hosting of a disaster  recovery location. We also have  a statutory mandate that we  open of a business recovery  center and we have several of  those in in the city of New  Orleans and the 26 parishes  that was affected. So, our role  in a a presidential disaster is  after the registration with  Fema. We if you referred over  to the SBA and we found that  about sixty-seven percent of  the time during Hurricane Ida.  That there was a desire to have  the applicant, in this case,  individuals, homeowners, or  renters. Uh repair,  rehabilitate, and recover.  Funds. And that primarily came  from the SBA. Uh as of this  morning, we had approximately  land one point 32 billion with  the B and quite of quite a few  of our loans are to homeowners  and renters and here's where  I'd like part the details. Even  though our name says small  business administration Um  homeowners and renters make up  80% of our lending portfolio  post disaster. So when  applicants receive a phone  call, an email, or an  application packet in the mail  and it says small business.  They're encouraged to return  that application and failure do  so as Angel will confirm. It  pretty much stops the process  if they choose not to send it  in. If they do send the  application in. Uh there's a  binary outcome which is you're  approved and in the case of a  hurricane correctly, the  interest rate was in the one  point 568% realm. Fixed for a  30-year term. If we can't help  them, we refer them back to  Fema's assistance. Now, the  program is for the uninsured  and the underinsured and Baron  and Shell's remarks about  insurance. We courage folks  that do have insurance to apply  with the SBA so that in the  event like what Angel just  pointed out. It it takes you a  while to recover your funds.  Well, there is a little  document called Assignment of  Insurance Proceeds that you  sign off with the SBA. You  would have had your funds by  now and recovery most probably  assuming contract labor and  parts and all that were  available. Most probably you'll  be on your way to finishing  that up. So it's a very key  component of our program is the  assignment of insurance  proceeds. Now to piggyback of  what my good friend Ron  Henderson said. He mentioned  insurance documents, reads, so  on and so forth. Couldn't agree  with him more. I've known him  for about twenty-eight, 30  years, way back when. And I'd  like to say and he'd he'd  concur with this statement.  Your first line of defense In  any given disaster insurance  policy. It is what makes you  whole. Or mostly whole. And if  not able to, the shortage or  the lack thereof is what drives  the root of the world to say,  we need SBA to come in. We need  Fema to come in. Because the  program is for the uninsured  and underinsured. And we, as an  organization, the SBA, is able  to cover those deductibles. I  look forward to answering  Again, miss Johnson, a real  privilege and a pleasure to  work with your organization yet  again. Back to you. Thank you,  sir. Thank you so much for that  informative information. Um as  you guys see, we started with  faith. I mean, federal state,  federal. Now, we're going back  to the state side and so  without further ado, we want to  introduce miss Ruby Douglas,  section chief for preparedness  and emergency division in  Louisiana Office of Homeland  Security and Emergency Prepa  commonly known as Gosep. She  has over 30 years of public  service experience in the state  of Louisiana. Again, we  appreciate you miss Douglas and  we welcome you. The mic is  yours. Thank you so much.  Appreciate the invitation and  to serve on this esteem panel.  Uh what a superstar panel you  have and again also Congressman  Carter because you know, as he  said, we do do have we're no  stranger to disasters and the  fact of the matter is we're  getting these disaster are  catastrophic really impacting  critical infrastructure and  really destroying homes and  communities. Recovery is just  not a fast food drive-thru  issue. When you're looking at  that much catastrophic damage,  we've really need to be looking  at threat hazards and risk  identification to kind of  properly prepare our citizens.  Uh and so the coastal area is  definitely an impact area. And  so I hate to say it. It might  not be glamorous. But  preparedness is more than just  water and peanut butter. We  need to be looking at true  preparedness plans to really  mitigate and respond  accordingly. Uh recovery takes  a while and as we've known from  coming out of the COVID,  everybody's fighting over the  same resources relative to  supply chain issues, reliable  contractors, and not everybody  has the same bank account and  so, even if you do have  resources, you're still  fighting for those and a lot of  our citizens in our state  definitely are living below the  poverty level which makes their  resources even more difficult  to climb and so, when we're  looking at rental stock, we  need to be looking at better  preparing our citizens to have  a better network and probably  engage in areas that are not at  risk. So, I'll share a little  bit about that. The other thing  is our agency worked directly  with the parishes because we  need to play this last survivor  game. Parishes must have plans  to better support their  citizens relative to sources  and also to support their  recovery. Um what we're looking  at that when Angel's team gets  here, we look at direct  housing. What people don't  realize is not everybody  qualifies for direct housing  and here's the thing, direct  housing is not automatic or  immediate. So, I think we need  to have the reality talk of  recovery. It's not pretty. It's  rather ugly because the timing  is not what we need but we do  know that that's a scarce  resource. So, what we've been  trying to do at the state level  along with the parish and the  locals is really talking that  hard talk about recovery. And  I'll I'll be remiss to say when  I think about some of the  disparities on the elements of  people recovering. I can't not  say that we also need to be  thinking about our most  vulnerable populations.  Everybody has this thing right  here called a smartphone. And  I'll just tell you sometimes  it's hard to navigate that. So  we need to make sure that  citizens have direct access to  resources and to be guided  accordingly because sometimes  they get stalled here. And the  other thing is they make  assumptions about eligibility  that's not correct. And so I  think it's important as as we  continue to properly prepare  citizens. We need to make sure  that citizens understand how  resources get get activated  because they're not automatic  nor they're guaranteed. Uh and  the other thing is to also  understand the caveats between  those resource is coming  online. So, hopefully we can  share that, get a game plan.  Y'all probably heard the  governor talk about that but we  have a lot of resources and a  lot of webinars to definitely  help people access good  information to make good plans  to move forward.  Wow. Thank you. Thank you so  much for that. You guys heard  that. Good information to make  good plans. Um the last two  presenters just really talked  about collaboration and I'm  excited that we're here today  and we're able to collaborate  with our state partners as well  as other federal agencies  across the US. Um and we just  go back to recovery takes time  and so in taking time we got  about 30 minutes left on this  webinar. You guys have been  absolutely amazing. We want we  have a wrap around of  questions. Um that we would  like to ask you. So if can keep  them limited to about 30  seconds to a a minute. We would  appreciate it. I'm going to  start off with let's see Miss  Rogers. Um why should a  constituent register with Fema  if they already have insurance?  So touched upon this a little  bit in our previous  conversation. Why is it so  important? Um you know  insurance can take a while. So,  there are programs that we have  such as rental assistance. You  know, if you can show that you  know, you did not receive the  loss of use as it's known on a  homeowner's insurance policy.  Um that is something that we  can assist with. Um for  Hurricane Ida because power  outage was such a huge issue.  Even if someone wasn't affected  directly where their home was  damaged. Power outage was a  huge issue. Thanks to the great  work at Gosep. We there was a  collaboration to turn on what  we called critical youth  assistance. You know as soon as  someone's answering questions  that they were out of power. Um  did not have food availability,  shelter was an issue for them.  Um you know, we automatically  turned on critical needs  assistance, Thanks to the state  and and their leadership. You  know, the other thing that we  did too for Hurricane Ida,  which is not the norm but  something that you know, thanks  to the state, we were able to  move forward on, was  reimbursement for generators.  Um, once again, you know, for  some people in the city of New  Orleans, that's all they  needed, was to be able to go  out and purchase a generator,  and we were able to some  reimbursements with that as  well. So, there's a lot of  other programs that Fema offers  that's not necessarily  associated directly with  insurance. Thank you. Awesome.  Next question of Ms. Rogers is,  what documentation does a  constituent need when  registering with Fema? So, you  know, you can always upload  documents later on. I think the  key thing is, is that when  you're first initially  registering is to know dates of  births, household composition,  you know, we do ask the  question about your the family  income. Here's what's key. So  many people leave that blank  and it'll put a zero in there  for them or if they're unknown  of their, you know, and they do  put a zero. Um as Shashil  talked about earlier, you know,  we're great partners with SBA  and so, a lot of decisions  based on that registration  determines whether someone's  going to be referred to SBA or  not. When someone puts zero as  their income, that's one of the  things that triggers us to send  it to SBA thinking they forgot  to fill it out. Um but overall,  you know, if someone receives  Social Security, we want to we  you want to make sure you're  filling out that information.  As far as the documentation  Fema will send out emails,  phone calls, or sometimes  letters that say, hey, we still  need you to help us proving  ownership for example. That  might just be a copy of the  deed of your property or tax  records for example, property  tax records or occupancy that  can be a bill you know, a  utility bill for example. Um  so, communication's key. The  one thing that we do see quite  often though is that people do  not keep their contact  information up to date with us.  Um especially for those that  are displaced and living in  another state. Please provide  more than one telephone number.  Even if it's with a loved one  in another state. We are more  than willing to call them and  say, hey, we're trying to get  in touch with miss Jones  because we need to talk about  some documentation or her  registration. So, keeping your  information up to date well is  always key. Super. Thank you  for that. And one last question  for you on. How soon should a  constituent actually register  for Fema after disaster has  been declared? So, the sooner  the better, obviously, you  know, especially if, you know,  we're turning on programs where  money could be given to you,  especially through a direct  deposit. That turnaround time  is pretty substantial. Um  especially for those  individuals that are displaced.  They had to evacuate. Um you  know, there's funding out there  to try to help those families  move forward. Um so,  registering is key. If you  don't know the type or the  amount of damage to your  property that should not stop  you. One of the questions is  what type of damages to your  property. You can clearly say I  have not been back to be able  to assess the damages. So,  those damages are unknown. That  doesn't necessarily stop us. Um  the key thing though is that we  can't duplicate benefits. So,  communication, documentation is  key. You know, calling us if  for whatever reason you didn't  receive assistance through your  insurance, you know, Fema's  there to help with that but  once again, we are not the  first line of defense by any  means as mister Henderson  mentioned earlier. In is key  especially here in the state of  Louisiana. It's so important to  make sure that you're up to  date with your homeowners and  flood insurance because we're  only a band-aid if you will.  We're not here to fully make a  family whole. We're just here  to help in the beginning. Thank  you, ma'am. Good. Thank you so  much for that, miss Rogers. I  appreciate your time. Um and  that's a great segway to mister  Ron Henderson as it relates to  citizens and insurance and the  question for you, mister Rogers  is Why is Citizen Insurance so  much more expensive than their  former insurance policy on the  same coverage? Yeah, great  question. So, Citizens  Insurance is the insurer of  last resort here in Louisiana.  So, that means if you can't  find insurance in any other  market, in any private market,  citizens will write your policy  if it meets the standards,  right? Um but so many companies  withdrawing from the from the  coastal areas and New Orleans  and other areas, the River  Parish region Assistance  becomes a the the market of  last resort. However, citizens  has in in the law that there's  a lot of states that citizens  have to be 10% higher than the  highest highest writer in the  area. So, if you have if they  have a policy in that area  that's X amount of dollars for  the same type of of home  construction, then, citizens  policy has to be 10% higher  than that policy. So, it's you  know, you one Louisiana  citizens to be in the market  unlike Florida. Florida has 1.  3 million policies in their  citizens. Hundred 3 billion  dollars on the hook for any  possible losses. Louisiana  we've had at our height 1  hundred 000 policies. Um last  year before Ida, we had 36, 000  policies in there. And what  happens with that is we as  citizens as in Louisiana  everybody who has homeowners  insurance they're paying for  that hurricane Katrina  losses for for for citizens,  You know, we all pay for it in  the end because they have the  ability to assess, and that  assessment flows straight  through to all the citizens of  Louisiana. Good, thank you for  that question. That answer,  next question for you, Mr.  Henderson, is, when are  residents expected to receive  the refunds on a premiums paid  prior to companies recently  being in solvent? So right now,  our Liger, which is our, the  payment center for Louisiana,  they pay for all the solving  companies, they pay the claims,  they pay out premiums that were  paid as funds. They're doing  about $10 million dollars a day  in premium return. So, the the  the issue is we have to get the  information from the companies.  They have to process the  information. Then, they have to  run the numbers to make sure  that, you know, when we talk  about premium return, we're  talking about unearned premium.  So, they've earned that premium  up to the point that the  company went under. So, we have  to run the numbers and then,  they send out a check to the  personnel. One thing people  have to understand is, if you  have a mortgage company, your  name and the mortgage company's  name, you're going to be on  that check. So, you have to  make sure you do the right  thing with it and if you, if  you had to get new insurance  and you ask your mortgage  company to defer the money, you  definitely going to have to  turn that check over to make  sure you you don't have a  shortfall in your your  mortgage. Absolutely, thank you  for that. Can residents still  file supplements for damage,  recovered, during, discovered,  during their rebuild from  previous declarations. Yes. So,  if you, people who are in Ida  and they they started to  rebuild and now they find  additional damage. Yes, they  can still provide a meant for  the damage of their their even  if it says it's closed by the  insurance company, they can  send out a supplement to the  insurance company to have them  look relook at it and reopen  that particular loss. Wow.  Well, thank you so much Mister  Henderson for that. Um we're  going to move right on over to  mister Sue Shield with the  Small Business Administration  who's going to provide some  information for us and I see  you're up. Let's see. Our first  question for you. Can you  explain to us how is different  from Fema when it comes to for  businesses. You know, it's a  age-old question that we get a  lot in the in the field and in  our preparedness segments. Fema  is a grants-based agency that  is there to not only coordinate  but be the leading agency  because their programs on the  grand side surpasses all. As  I'm not very correct, he said,  grants were never intended to  solve the ills of the community  for a disaster. It was a  combination grants based funds  and low interest disaster loans  that were meant to take care of  the needs of the community. So,  look at it this way. Fema is a  gateway grant space. So, their  initial grants are safe,  secure, sanitary condition  grants, and then, based on your  questionnaire, you then move  over to the SBA for repair  work, rehabilitative work, and  recovery work on your home,  your cars, your personal  property, etcetera. So,  and then our role would then be  to be a good taxpayer steward  to make sure that you have  enough disposable income to  repay the damaged funds or in  this case, repair the damaged  property and then, for which we  offer funds and if we can't, we  refer them to the third pot of  money which is the other needs  assistance. So, our  relationship is symbiotic. Our  relationship is based on the  referrals and as we mention in  both programs the program is  for the uninsured and the  underinsured and despite our  name, small business  administration we help  homeowners and renters.  Awesome. You know what? That's  a good question and I have been  a homeowner and just never  actually realized that  residents are able to actually  apply for assistance other  than, you know, I was always  thinking business. So, that's a  good point. So, thank you for  educating me on that as well.  Um why is it necessary? Well,  we ask that question already.  Residents, why is it necessary  for residents to apply for SBA?  And I think you just answer  that question, bud? Correct.  And and let me let me add if I  could, just for my peace of  mind and make sure that I leave  no stone unturned. It is really  grants were never intended.  Disaster policies, in this  case, insurance policies, your  first line of defense. The  second line of defense is Fema  and SBA, low interest rate  disaster loans. Is your second  line of defense? and the third  line of defense, which covers  some level of the unmet needs.  A jargon for dollars and cents.  Um need created by the disaster  would be your grants based  assistance all the way through  because as Angel says from the  IAPs and her counterparts  including the administrator,  many administrators, the bill  come by and say, we were never  intended to to take care of it.  That's why we partner up with  the SBA. So, we work with with  Fema and the Angels world to  make sure we make people whole.  Okay and one more just point of  clarification. A resident and  we said resident, but the  resident must be a homeowner in  order to apply for aid or  assistance through SBA or.  Renters or homeowners. Renters  or homeowners. Okay, you guys  heard it. Thanks. you. And we  didn't talk much about the  business owners, which is a  give me. We are the small  business administration, which  means that we very much are  part of the fabric of community  that needs dollars and cents if  you're a business owner. And  also my good friend Nigel is  going to help me out here.  There is a line item that says  that faith-based organizations  have to apply with the SBA, be  turned down for potential  consideration under the public  assistance program that Fema  renders. So yes, they don't  have any business lending  program per se. But when it  comes to organizations,  homeowners and renters. They  have to come to the SBA to be  considered ineligible before  Fema's Public Assistance  Program can pick them up. Oh  good. as we are oh Angela, did  you want to add something to  that Miss Rogers? No, Shechelle  was absolutely correct. So, you  know, our faith-based partners  as well have the opportunity to  potentially get assistance from  both SB or from SBA or Fema and  as Shashill mentioned, for the  faith-based network, you know,  working through Fema with or  working through SBA first and  then they were referred over to  Fema. Super thank you for that  and that add on. Um let me go  back. I have one last question  for you Sigell. Uh what if a  resident has insurance but  doesn't want to wait to go  through the claims process?  What can SBA do to do for that  constituent? As part of our  constant reinvigorating the  agency. Nowadays, it's no  longer a if an applicant wants  it upfront when an applicant  registers with Fema and applies  with the SBA. We have them. Son  be called the assignment of  insurance proceeds. This then  makes the dollars and cents  available sooner than later  because once we know who they  are insurance company is, we  make contact with them. So, for  example, if my good friend  Angela has a 00, 000 worth of  damage and there's a $10, 000  deductible, by the way, we can  cover deductibles and she's  waiting for a check  hypothetically for fifty  thousand dollars from an  insurance company and the 40000  is from us. We can lend her the  entire ninety thousand. Oh. And  with the insurance company to  make us whole for the fifty  thousand. Thereby negating the  wait time frame involved. And  guess what that happens for the  recovery process much quicker.  Guess what happens? You pay  your contractor fairly quicker.  You're back to recovery as soon  as possible versus Angel. Hello  what's the wait period for some  of these people? We're still  waiting for the insurance  companies, right? Forget about  it. I mean you know it's just  God knows how long it takes. It  also helps my good friend Ron  Henderson who doesn't have to  deal with the headaches of  where's my check? Where's my  check? Where's my check? So in  one felt swoop with the signing  of that document, we're helping  the yields of the world. We're  helping insurance companies of  the world and most importantly,  guess what we're doing? We're  helping the applicants who've  gone through so much, get those  necessary dollars into their  hands. And the ruby doesn't  have to worry about some guy  calling and saying, I can't get  a hold of anybody. Help us out.  Wow. Well, we're up to Ruby  Nicks but I really appreciate  that. That that is really great  information. Um I wish that  we're able to get this out far  and wide  speak with you. We have a few  questions for you as well. Um  we thank you for your 30 years  of service. Um and let's see  where can I start. Based on  multiple impacts from various  incidents, what key  preparedness priorities that  individuals and communities  must consider. Um as you've  been doing this work, we know  that you've been on the ground  for over thirty, well, with  over 30 years, let's say 30  years. Um what would you say  they need to consider? For  proposal? Well, I would just  tell you, it's, you know, I'll  go back to the most vulnerable  and so, let me just give you  case examples. Oftentimes that  you know we we need to do a  better job of really providing  true preparedness plans. I  can't stress that enough. Uh I  remember early on in Laura  Delta we had some citizens that  were very medically fragile.  They also were very elderly and  they didn't even realize that  they could actually receive  services through the regular  evaluations for that area. And  I think part of that also be a  mindset because we do have  those folks that says, you  know, I I I waited out Camilla  and I could you know, hurricane  Betsy and you know, I stayed  back in Katrina but you know,  these storms are are very  catastrophic and we don't  want to put our first  responders in harm way but the  other thing is for citizens  with other vulnerabilities,  they they need to take  priority. Their priority  population that need to go  somewhere else. Uh I'll just  tell you Laura Delta seems like  an episode of the Real Stranger  Things to me because who would  ever thought that we'd have  hurricane in the middle of a  pandemic? Uh so that made our  our preparedness plans in our  response plan a little bit more  challenging because we have to  make conditions for making sure  that nobody got contagious with  the with the COVID. Um you know  I I guess I go back to some of  those folks that might be in  public housing. Public housing,  you know, it, we need to be  looking at everybody that's  services individually, whether  they have a disability, whether  they're elderly, whether  they're just getting their  blood pressure checked. There,  everybody should be an  ambassador for Preparedness  because we've come to multiple  storms and miss Chandra, I I  just tell you, it feels like  I've been on the ground for 30  years even in this last three,  because the impact have been  significantly challenging for  responders as well as citizens.  And so even with those hud and  public housing entities, they  can actually choose a city of  preference to get a voucher to  relocate. Now, I know people  say, well, you're relocating.  The year seems to be so  significant in people's minds.  But just think about it. We are  almost to the anniversary date  of Ida. We still have, I can't  build a house and actually the  H and Ghost have not stand for  alsey. Um but I'll just tell  you, when you think about the  monies that come down after the  fact. You got FEMA that comes  in. You have SBA that comes in.  We have community development  block grant money that comes in  and those had other programs  that come in. They don't come  in 12 months after the  disaster. It takes them a  little bit longer. So we're  talking about tax, credit,  reimbursement, those kinds of  things to kind of rebuild and  refurbish a community. So I  think the housing stock for Ida  and even Laura Delta. If you  drive through the southwest  part of our state, we're  talking about the five to 7  years out before you actually  see some significant progress  as well as return to rental  property. And most of our  folks, as I said before, are  living paycheck to paycheck  trying to make ends meet. So,  we need to make sure that we  prepare accordingly. Knowing  the risk, we all see whether  it's Margaret Orr or it's Jay  Grime we can get two when that  storm is coming. We just don't  know where the impact is. And  based on the last seven storms  that we've been managing in the  state. It has created  catastrophic damage to the  infrastructure. Uh right now in  hurricane season, as we get  ramped up and hyped up, this  the last couple of weeks in in  the weeks in August, in the  first couple of weeks in in  September, where we see a lot  more activity, we're looking at  forty six of the 64 parishes in  some state of recovery. And  just think about it. You might  be able to go to grandma's or  your mother-in-laws. But that  wears thin on people. So we  have to look at significant  recovery process that's  going to benefit the family.  I'll worry about the kids. Uh  I'll just tell you. Cuz I think  about adverse effect on  citizens. And I think about the  COVID impact. We've got a a  population that has been  traumatized from these natural  disasters. Yeah. Knowing all  the stuff that we know.  Louisiana is a veteran at  dealing with storms. We've  gotta move where there is less  risk, reduce the risk so you  can properly prepare. We can  look at documentation. We can  look at our policies. I know  that Ron will tell you that you  need to know more about Jake  with State Farms than he wears  khakis. We have people that  have not looked throughout  their pallets. They don't know  what they're eligible for. So,  I would just tell you,  Preparedness doesn't need to  just happen through hurricane  season. We need to build a  culture of preparedness in the  state and it's year round. And  we have learned that from COVID  in particular. A lot of  continuity operations and you  know Ron and Shashield actually  and even Angel they think I  stopped them. Because we're  always together. And I'll just  tell you you know we're here  we're here the same stories  over and over again. And so if  I was on the opposite side I  often tell our people that are  are supporting those citizens.  I want them to be like they  were my grandma. Giving them  all the information that they  have ahead of time. So their  plans could be looked at and  not just saying oh I got my  tuna fish. And you know I got  my three days of batteries. Uh  I'll just tell you Ruby Douglas  when it when the when we get 48  hours without AC. I'm angry.  I'm angry. Angry. I don't want.  So in order to be comfortable  and prepared Be thinking about  your family. That's the first  priority. Thank you. Thank you.  Thank you so much for that I  wanted to as we wind down on  the time and I'm going to have  to turn it over to our  wonderful district director,  Demetri Mercyndale, but before  I go there, I know that we had  another question for you  regarding something that was  important and we talked about  constituents from small  businesses to constituents. Um  they have to prepare  accordingly. Um, what I'm super  excited about is something else  you say too. Um, is building a  culture of preparedness and I  know the congressman mentioned  this earlier, that he is the  chair of the bipartisan  Disaster Preparedness and  caucus. So, I hope that each of  you that are on this  conversation, continue to send  us information that will  support this caucus in  development policies and  procedures as it relates to  addressing disasters across the  United States and so as we come  to a close tonight, transition  over to Demetric. I just want  you all to know that we're very  grateful that you joined us  today to speak with us, to  speak with our constituents.  You guys have informed me of  some things that I did not know  but I'm I'm so grateful that I  can pass this information on to  my family that is in the city.  But for let's see Ruby one last  thing for the I I continue to  go back to the vulnerable  communities. Right? How were we  best able to get them this  information? Because sometimes  they're not necessarily online.  They did not come into our  offices. Uh is there a way in  which you guys are getting the  information into the hands and  the ears of the vulnerable  populations. Um as as they're  preparing. Yes. So I go to  building those ambassadors.  Everybody that touches that  citizen whether it's by primary  care doctor, the the food  worker, even the post office  worker because I'm going to  just tell you, the post office  doesn't stop even during  disasters. Um even tell you  that to me, I think it's  important to also engage with  faith-based communities. Those  pastors and those priests, they  are the hub of every community  and so, here's the thing. You  know, when you think about this  thing, it could be a benefit  but it also could be definitely  a target because we noticed  that, you know, getting  somebody, I'll just tell you  the first time that I ever have  trouble in my marriage, my  husband tried to text my mama  and she thought that he was  stealing her identity and I was  like, oh my gosh but you know,  citizens that are that don't  are not techno savvy, they  want to hear it from the  horse's mouth. They have a  relationship with their  pastors. So, we want to engage  those kind of partnerships  where people have that existing  rapport and trust and I'll just  tell you, Don't have to be a an  expert in FEMA or insurance or  even in SBA but get them those  information. The biggest thing  Miss Rogers is right. Register,  register, register. You don't  know what's killing me now is  we're getting people that are  calling and going live never  register. There's only a small  window of time to register. Now  it's the state of the mindful  of making additional requests  and extensions when there are  certain circumstances. But you  need to register. The other  thing is if you have insurance  you might be under insurance.  So I would go back to building  community partnerships. That's  where it's at. Awesome. Thank  you so much. And those critical  partners are trusted resources  which are the post office, our  primary care, along with our  faith-based pastors and  ministers and things like that.  Um well, I look forward to  working with you all. All of  our federal state agencies as  we move forward improving and  streamlining our disaster  preparedness. Response and  recovery system serving great  people along the Gulf Coast.  thank you all so much. I will  turn this program over to our  wonderful district director  Demetria Mercandale. Thank you  so much. And thank you Tanya.  And thank you everyone who  joined us today. Thanks so much  to to our panelists that all  participated. But most  importantly I want to thank our  congressman for your leadership  and vision. In coming up with  this idea to have this event  today. This is so important to  our residents and certainly to  making sure that all of our  constitu ones are doing what is  right and what's best. So, my  name, as I said, I'm Demetri  Mercer. I serve as Congressman  Carter's district director. Um  our office is here to serve  you, the residents of Southeast  Louisiana. If we can be a  further assistance, in  addressing any of the matters  related to hurricane  preparedness, or if you need  help with your federal  agencies, please don't hesitate  to call us. Reach out to us.  Reach out to us by on the  website. Uh WWW WWW. Troy  Carter house. gov slash contact  or feel free to call our  district office. Five zero four  two eight eight three seven  seven seven. We have multiple  offices located in New Orleans.  Our flagship office is located  at 650 Portras and Suite  twenty-four 35 near the corner  of Portras and Saint Charles  Avenue. We have an office on  Suno's campus open on Fridays  from 10 AM until 330 PM or by  appointment in Algiers,  Louisiana at the LCMC building  on General DeGal. You can also  come here by appointment In  Jefferson Parish at the Gretna  Courthouse, you can make an  appointment to come to that  location. We also have a River  Parish community office in the  River Parish at the River  Parish Community College  facility and reserve Louisiana.  Someone is always there on  Wednesdays from 10 AM until  two. And certainly also by  appointment. And in Baton  Rouge, Louisiana on the famous  Southern University campus and  the TH Harris Hall, someone is  there weekdays, every day from  8: 30 AM until 430 PM. To stay  informed about news, events,  resources from Congressman  Carter, please sign up for our  office's newsletter on the  website. And again, thank you  so much for tuning in. But I'm  not going to have the last  word. our illustrious  congressman. Congressman the  honorable Troy A Carter Senior,  take it. Thank you very much,  Dimitri. Thank you so much to  to Tonya, Davis, Johnson,  Dimitri Mercadel, and the  entire staff. I'd be remiss if  I did not take this moment to  say what an incredible staff  that I have. I am very  fortunate and honored to have  people that work in our office  that really love the people of  Louisiana and of our country.  So, I want to say thank you to  them. I want to also thank you.  thank you from FEMA, Shashil  Kumar, from SBA Um Ruby Douglas  from Gosep, and Ron Henderson,  Louisiana Department of  Insurance. Uh these are our  partners that work with us day  in, day out. Um, when the  storms are here, when the  storms are gone, and in  preparation for next year, they  stand firm with us. I want to  take a moment to let them know  how much we appreciate them.  Um, our federal and state  partners. Um, because at the  end of the day, we all work for  you, the public. Making sure  that we get the necessary  resources into your hands, that  you know that we stand ready to  to make it plain, to make it  clear, to make it better than  it was before. We know that  these storms come. We know that  we have lessons that we've  learned from last season that  we carry forward to this season  and beyond. Uh and we are ever  ready to listen to your  concerns, your ideas, your  comments. Um you got an idea  that makes it better? We're  more than willing to to take  that. As the chair of the new  committee. Uh the caucus rather  to deal with emergency  preparedness. Working with my  colleagues across the country  who are likewise situated in  Disaster areas. We're working  to improve our preparedness. We  know storms are coming. We  shouldn't have to start these  things each time or after the  fact. We should have everything  on the ready. Uh that's a part  of the process that we work  with these agencies and we're  reforming rather at Stafford  Act or Reforming Recovery or  how quickly we get disaster  recovery and how quickly we  interface with FEMA, SBA,  Gosep, local state and  government partners to make  sure at the end of the day,  resources get to you as quickly  as possible and we're able to  bring those relief measures to  the people that are in the eye  of the storm. So, again, I  want to thank you all. Thank  you for listening. Uh this is  will be will continue to be one  of those discussions that will  continue to have on how we  bring government to you. How we  make accessing federal dollars,  federal resources, and access  to individuals, community, or  processes are made easier to  our our our roadsider, our our  curbside town hall meetings  that we do throughout the  district to our various  platforms such as this where  we're talking directly to you  and you and more importantly,  get to hear most frequently  asked questions answered by our  professionals. Once again, god  bless you. Thank you for  joining us and stay tuned. Stay  safe. Look out for each other  and let's make this safe safe  day for 