Well thank you Mr. Chairman. As a former member of this committee, I'm delighted to be back in front of you. I'd like to address three issues today. First, veterans access to marijuana. As a founding member of the cannabis working group in the House cannabis caucus, I've fought to modernize our nation's marijuana laws. I'm a proud co-sponsor of the VA Medicinal Cannabis Research Act and I thank this committee for its bipartisan support of that measure. As you know, the bill removes barriers to critical research on medical marijuana as a treatment for chronic pain and ptsd. Medical marijuana has the potential to help our veterans suffering from these ailments, and at a bare minimum we should allow research on the topic. This is especially important in light of the nation's opioid epidemic. Our veterans are twice as likely to die from opioid overdoses as the average american, so we owe them this, to provide alternatives. The second issue is the appeals process. For more than four years I worked with the VA the vsos and this committee to address the problem and introduce legislation that was the basis for the new law signed last August. Just this quick story, one of my constituents waited eight years for his appeal to be resolved. He was granted a 70% rating and retroactive pay of a hundred and thirty four thousand dollars. Unfortunately in the meantime, he'd hired a lawyer who took 30% of that retroactive settlement. This is not an uncommon problem. Many lawyers signed veterans agreements and then promising them a percentage of the retroactive payment and then they do very little more than just send the case to our congressional Offices to resolve. So as you know this remains a real priority for me. We need to get it right. It's important we welcome input from veterans and veterans groups as we roll this out and put it into place. Final issue I'd like to address is the cruel and wasteful canine testing that's been conducted by the VA. Some of those experiments at VA facilities involve inflicting extreme pain on our canine companions with little or no relief. That's why Congressman Brett and I introduced the bipartisan PUPPERS Act to address this issue. It also has the support of dozens of vsos who recognize that this cruel animal testing is not the answer, especially when there are other, more effective, less expensive technologies available. Before Secretary Shulkin left, he told me in no uncertain terms, that the VA was winding down this dog testing program with the goal of completely phasing it out. So i would hope that the next Secretary of the VA would continue this commitment and that this committee would support our PUPPERS Act. So again, I thank you for having us today and listening to our input on issues that i believe will help all our veterans. And I yield back.