Hey, everyone. Thank you very  much for for joining us today  for this Fair District Incress  Conference. We come together as  we approach Juneteenth,  Emancipation Day, our newest  federal holiday to once again  demand protection of our right  to vote and equal, fair  representation. My colleagues  and I have just left the floor  to stand as one for this very  principle. The irony of the  timing feels both appropriate  and deeply disappointing.  Today, The place in question is  Louisiana, my home. But sadly,  we know that the battle for  Voting Rights and Fundamental  Fairness knows no boundaries.  The fundamental right of  fairness, fair representation,  and access to the ballot is  under attack across our nation.  I'm honored to be joined by my  esteemed colleagues today to  demand in one voice that the  Louisiana Legislature meet and  produce fair maps to equitably  represent all Louisiana's,  Louisiana with all deliberate  speed. Like many in my home  state, the state of Louisiana  has a long, tragic history of  diminishing and silencing the  votes of African Americans.  Yes, I stand here today with my  voice to fight for democracy  and I will not be silenced. For  years, the Voting Rights Act of  1965 stood Sentinel. Protect  ing the sacred right to vote.  with the recent gutting of the  Voting Rights Act fairness fair  representation again is under  attack. Louisiana's sixth  congressional seats. I proudly  represent the people of the  second congressional district.  The only minority congressional  district. I'm the only Democrat  and the only black member of  our congressional delegation.  However, Louisiana is one third  African American. Now learn  fractions a long time ago. But  even still today I know that  one third is equivalent to two  sixths. some time ago, we were  once considered three fifth a  person. I know the constitution  used to treat us that way but a  war was fought to change that.  And I've consistently said,  Louisiana deserves a second  majority minority seat. The  math demands that African  Americans have another seat in  Louisiana. However, my former  colleagues of the GOP led state  legislature, didn't use the  same Oculus. Didn't use the  same math. Didn't recognize or  acknowledge that the population  has shifted. And we now have  the numbers to support a second  African American Congressional  seat. Unfortunately, it appears  that a political calculus was  used instead. But now Louisiana  stands at the precipice of  redrawing our congressional  maps again. After a federal  court threw out the illegal  unfair maps drawn by the  legislature. The judge rules  that these maps violated  section two of the Voting  Rights Act of nineteen  sixty-five The section that  prohibits voting practices and  procedures that discriminate on  the basis of race. Now, the  Louisiana Legislature has been  called into a special session  which just began a few hours  ago. Where they are charged  with drawing maps consistent  with the Voting Rights Act. It  is a disrespectful to the  generations of the struggle. Of  African Americans, have endured  for so many years to fight for  the right to vote. We've  marched we sat down, we bled,  we've died for our voting  rights. They will not be  denied. We will not retreat. We  will not simply walk away. We  will make sure that our rights  and our voices are heard. We  must begin to overcome our  state's tarnished past and move  toward fair maps that follow  the meth and gives black  Louisianians their rightful  representation in our  democratic system. I call on my  former colleagues in the  legislature to do the right  thing for their constituents,  for their state by drawing fair  districts that truly represent  all of Louisiana. Then at a  federal level, we must act to  reinvigorate the Voting Rights  Act of our nation. We must  overcome the stalemate and pass  the John Lewis Voting Rights  Act and the Freedom to vote  act. Negotiations led to a  bipartisan agreement on gun  violence prevention. They can  and should lead to action on  voting rights and protecting  our democracy. I'd like to  thank our illustrious chair  Joyce Beatty, the phenomenal  whip, Clyburn, Congresswoman  Jackson Lee, Congresswoman  Butterfield, Congresswoman  Sewell, Caucus Chair,  Congressman, Jeff priest,  Congressman Hortsford,  Congressman Negus,  Congresswoman Williams, and all  of my other distinguished CBC  colleagues that are here today.  Thank you for standing shoulder  to shoulder with me on this  issue and all issues that  affect fairness and what's  right for our country. Thank  you also for the dedicated  advocates on the ground in  Louisiana who are working  diligently to fight for this  redrawn map based on racial  division. The ACLU Power  Coalition together Louisiana  Legislature Black Caucus Black  voters matter. And so many  others that have been a part of  working and fighting and  standing and not retreating  even though the pressure has  been to back down. I want to  personally thank Governor John  Bell Edwards for recognizing  the misstep. The violation. The  maps that ignored African  American population and vetoing  it. And I asked my members do  the right thing in Louisiana.  I'm now excited and honored to  have Stan with me and to bring  up to the podium next our  incredible leader of the  Congressional Black Caucus,  Joyce Beatty from the great  state of Ohio who is an  illustrious, outstanding,  incredible leader to share  comments. First of all, let me  just say again to our colleague  and our leader of today's press  conference to Troy Carter.  Thank you. We know all too well  what's happening in your state  because it's happening across  the United States. So, we come  today to tell you that we are  standing here fighting for our  democracy. We are standing here  protecting our rights to vote.  Certainly as the chair of the  Congressional Black Caucus, it  gives me great honor to be here  but I also hail from the great  state of Ohio. We too know what  happens during redistricting  and when we don't have our  lines drawn fairly. We know  when Democrats vote, when lines  are drawn fairly, we win. Let  me just say to you, I'm here  today to talk about a story  that's older than America  itself. The systemic  diminishing and silencing of  African Americans votes and  voices. From poll tax to  literacy tests to violent mobs,  politicians who feared the  black political power have done  everything possible to diminish  and disenfranchise us. But  we're here today to out. Today,  their main weapon against our  influence is to break up our  population's impact through  gerrymandering and now, there  is more evidence that in the  state of Louisiana, Louisiana  has the third largest black  population per capita just  behind the district of Columbia  and Mississippi. Nearly one in  3 people in Louisiana are  black. it stands to reason that  there that a third of  Louisiana's congressional seats  would have a black majority.  But we know that is not the  case. Louisiana must pass maps  that polish their tarnished  past and give people of color  their right to participate.  Meaningfully in the  congressional elections. Lastly  the state legislature all too  well we know that. Many of us  have served. in the state  legislature. That they must  follow the charge of the  federal court by drawing fair  congressional maps that will  allow every community to be  heard by their members of  congress. And let me just say  as African Americans, we know  all too well. And we stand here  today because our vote is our  power. And protected is our  message. That's our message.  That's our power. It gives me  great pleasure to ask next to  come to the mic. Our Democratic  Caucus leader Hakeem Jeffries,  who will be followed by Sheila  Jackson Lake. Thank the  distinguished chair, the  congressional Black Caucus for  her continued and steadfast  leadership in so many different  areas including in the area of  fair and just representation  and of course, I thank my good  friend and our colleague,  Representative Troy Carter for  his strong and steadfast  leadership in ensuring that the  African-American community in  the great state of Louisiana  has fair and equitable  representation and an to elect  the candidate of their choice.  All across the country, we have  seen an assault on black  representation on districts  that have historically been  represented by African  Americans here in Congress and  on black communities as a  result of what has occurred  during this redistricting  process. We've seen it in North  Carolina. We've seen it in  Ohio. We've seen it in Georgia.  We've seen it in Alabama. We're  now seeing in Louisiana and we  certainly saw it in New York  State. Where an unelected out  of town special master degraded  the black population in four  different New York City based  congressional districts. And so  we gather here today to address  the situation in Louisiana.  Understanding that though Jim  Crow may be dead, he still got  some nieces and nephews that  are alive and well. And some of  the tactics that we've seen  deployed over the years are  being deployed right now. The  federal court has spoken with  respect to the congressional  map in Louisiana. The Voting  Rights Act is clear with  respect to the congressional  map in Louisiana. The  constitution is clear. With  respect to what should take  place in terms of the  congressional map in Louisiana.  And that is why We need the  Louisiana Legislature to do  your job and create two  congressional districts where  an African-American community  and communities have the  opportunity to elect the  candidates of their choice.  Standing here today. I'm very  proud to stand with Congressman  Troy Carter who could be  selfish and quiet. Let me  proudly say that that is not  him. That is not his  representation And that is not  his definition. I'm honored to  be here with the distinguished  members of the Congressional  Black Caucus. I'll message our  power. But sad to be here in  the week that we commemorate  Juneteenth. To have to fall  victim. Uh to the elimination  of representation. Just a quick  journey. Uh we're reminded of  eighteen sixty-five, two years  delayed for those west of the  Mississippi to learn that they  were even free. That was  Juneteenth. Shortly thereafter,  they eliminated slavery except  for small provision in the  thirteenth amendment. Provided  due process in the 14th  amendment and gave the  unfettered right to vote in the  15th amendment. But yet,  throughout the of the 19th  century and the 20th century  over and over again. Persons  were denied the right to vote,  intimidated away from the  polls, and certainly denied any  representation until 19 65.  When we open it up to create  opportunities that ultimately  elected Barbara Jordan from  Texas, shortly thereafter, even  New York, up south, Shirley  Chisholm came to the United  States Congress, but yet, now  57 years later, there is this  of oppression that is now  wanted to squash black  districts across America. From  west to east or from south to  north. From the Midwestern  States to New York, upstate,  down south, and over to the  west in Texas. In Texas, where  there is a lawsuit, two  members, Historically, black  districts, two members were  placed in one district. So, to  Congressman Carter, I'm  standing with you so that the  hand of oppression. Now, fifty  years after the nineteen  sixty-five Voting Rights Act  and all the work that our  colleagues have done including  my friend from Alabama and the  late John Lewis. All that has  been done, we are still working  to ensure that there is  representation for all people.  That there is one vote, one  voice, and that people  recognize One voice, one vote.  And so, it is clear. The math  does not add up. I stand with  the congressman to ask for the  legislature to do its job. And  for their to be the full  representation of the people of  Louisiana that would include  two African-elected or  districts that people can pick  a person of their choosing.  That is the underpinnings of  the Voting Rights Act and  section five. And so Louisiana  we see you. We want to hear  you. We want to hear you create  through the legislature. The  fair process. So the hand of  oppression can come off of us.  and representation can rise. I  thank the gentleman very much.  It's my pleasure to yield to  the gentleman from  distinguished gentleman, former  judge from North Carolina, the  honorable Congressman GK  Butterfield. Thank you,  Congresswoman Sheila Jackson  Lee and let me thank all of you  for coming out this afternoon  in this very humid temperature  to to cover what we have to  say. Uh I am Congressman GK  Butterfield representing the  First District of North  Carolina. Also serve as the  chairman of the subcommittee on  elections in the US Congress.  Before coming to Congress, many  of you may not know this. I was  a Voting Rights attorney in the  1980s after I was elected as a  superior court judge and later  a Supreme Court Justice in  North Carolina have now served  in Congress for the last 18  years. All of that to say that  I know a little bit about the  Voting Rights Act. Uh I have  read the opinion of Judge Dick  from the Middle District of  Louisiana and she has written a  very very scholarly opinion. Uh  it interprets section 2 of the  Voting Rights Act very  accurately and so I'm here  today to support Congressman  Troy Carter and I want to thank  him for his leadership and  tenacity and all that he does  for the people of of his  congressional district in  Louisiana but I'm here today to  support the the the whole  notion of of of requiring the  legislature in Louisiana to  redraw these districts to  enable African-American voters  to have an equal opportunity to  elect members of congress to  the United States House of  Representatives. Uh this is the  basis of section two of the  Voting Rights Act and I want to  just close by by just reading  two sentences from the judges  order which I think summarizes  this whole matter. She says,  for the reasons set here in,  the court concludes that the  plaintiffs are substantially  likely to prevail on the merits  of their claims brought under  section two. The court finds  that absent injunctive relief,  the movements are substantially  likely to suffer irreparable  harm. What the court said is  that African American voters in  Louisiana will suffer  irreparable harm unless the  legislature is required to  redraw the lines and create a  majority black district in that  state and so I support  Congressman Carter and urge my  friends in Louisiana to enforce  the Voting Rights Act as it was  intended. Thank you. This time  I yield to my friend from  Alabama, State of Alabama,  Congresswoman Terry Sewell, who  is the author of the John R  Lewis Voting Rights Advancement  Act and is a leader on Voting  Rights. Thank you. It is indeed  a pleasure for me to join with  my colleagues of the  Congressional Black Caucus to  support the efforts of  Representative Troy Carter in  doing justice not only for his  own constituents but the  constituents of Louisiana. I'm  Congresswoman Sewell and I  proudly represent Alabama's  seventh congressional district  which includes the historic  cities of Birmingham,  Montgomery, and my hometown of  Selma, Alabama. It was in my  hometown 57 years ago where  John Lewis the soldiers shed  blood on a bridge. For the  equal right of all Americans to  vote. Across this nation, we've  seen states redraw the  congressional maps for the  first time since the Voting  Rights Act of 1965 was gutted  by the Supreme Court in twenty  thirteen. These decisions will  impact voters for the next  decade. But they're being done  without the full protections of  the Voting Rights Act. In many  states, lawmakers are packing  Americans into few districts to  dilute their political power.  In my home state of Alabama,  we, too, like Louisiana, make  up a third of the population of  the state of Alabama, and yet  we only have one majority  minority district of which I am  proud to serve. But the math  does not add up as my friend  from Louisiana said, we should  have at least two majority  minority districts in the state  of Alabama. In a order, the  lower court district court  ordered the state of Alabama to  create a second majority  minority district. But this  decision was reversed by the  Supreme Court. This was yet  another blow for the fight for  fair black representation. That  is at the very heart of the  Voting Rights Act of nineteen  sixty-five. This ruling allows  the votes of black Alabamians  to once again be deluded. And  further deteriorate section two  of the Voting Rights Act of  nineteen sixty-five. So I am  Proud to stand with my  colleague in Louisiana. We do  so because we are kindred  spirits in Alabama. We share  the same problem and we have  the same solution which is to  restore the full protections of  the Voting Rights Act and pass  the John Robert Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act. These  state legislature s must do  their job and draw fair maps  that will allow African  Americans to have their fair  share of these elected seat I  thank him for his courage and I  wish him luck but more  importantly know that you do  not stand alone. We stand with  you in the Congressional Black  Caucus because we know our  strength is our power and we  know our vote is our voice.  Thank you. Thank thank you all  so very much. I cannot thank my  colleagues enough for standing  in this sweltering heat to  stand up for what is right,  what is fair, and we as a  caucus and we as Louisianians  and we as Americans. We don't  want anything more and will  accept nothing less than what's  fair, right, and just.  Louisiana, my dear friends, and  Louisiana's legislature. Do the  right thing. Do the math. add a  second African-American  district to the state of  Louisiana. Thank you 