What's up St. Louis y'all this is amazing! Let me say this this has been four years in the making for some of us we've been
work doing this work for 4 years and now we're here! I can't do this. So for those that don't know my name is Cori Bush. I'm a single parent, I'm a registered nurse I'm a community activist and I'm also you candidate for US Congress for this Missouri's first district! And I've been endorsed by senator Sanders! So let me say going back to 2015, I have to think about when I first started
supporting senator sanders right after Ferguson, well actually it
was it wasn't actually after, it was like towards the end of the
Ferguson Uprising I remember I went to this event, and at
this event i remember being treated like what people were calling us. They were
calling us terrorists; they were saying that we're the people
that burned down buildings, and they were treating us like we didn't belong in this country and they were stalking us and
terrorizing us and we were traumatized and all of that. And so we were sitting in this, I was sitting in this event, and this man got up and he started to speak he was announced as the next, as someone who was running for president, and i just remember this man got up and
one thing that he said that struck me—I didn't even pay him any attention until I heard him say one thing— he said because Black Lives Matter. That was in 2015. In 2015 he was saying
Black Lives Matter when other people were calling us terrorists;
when other candidates were saying all lives matter, he stood with us! See back then, he was fighting for
someone he didn't know. He didn't care about being popular he
cared about being right and doing the right thing.  During the Ferguson movement, during the Ferguson uprising we didn't hit the streets thinking that oh this is this protest is happening so
let me put on my organizer hat, let me put on my organizer hat, and let
me come out and look special and try to get a name for myself.  Like that's not what we were doing we didn't have that thought what we didn't
know was that we were about to make history. We didn't go out, we didn't set
out to make history; we didn't try to make history we didn't try to make a
name for ourselves we wanted justice for Black and brown
people we wanted justice for this 18 year old baby that was murdered. So we were fighting for someone we
didn't know. And you know people say, you know, if I
was born back in such and such time you know i would have done this. Well let
me say this: when you're in a history-making moment
you, don't know that you're in a history-making moment.
So let me say, we didn't know we were making history we didn't know we would
touch the entire world. Regular everyday folks like us we didn't
know so let me say this all of you sitting here under the sound
of my voice we are making history right now! This is a history-making moment! So yeah, I know you tied your shoes the
same way; I know you put your makeup on the same way, and you fed the dog— I hope you fed the dog. You did all of that. I understand, but
understand the moment that you're in. If we don't do it only; only Missouri can
make this happen for Missouri tomorrow; only Missouri can make this happen. We're the ones that'll make change; we're the ones that will make history. So,
this is our moment. This is our moment Black, Brown, White, Asian, Indigenous, Immigrant, and descendants of Africans who were enslaved in America,
and first generation refugees, this is our moment! Gay, straight, lesbian, bisexual,
pansexual, asexual, trans, and queer; this is our moment! Young, and elder, religious, atheist and spiritual this is our moment! The disabled, the misgendered, the
marginalized the counted out and pushed aside; this is our moment! The unhoused, the incarcerated, the out on parole working class, students, the poor, and the
comfortable; this is our moment! The undocumented and uncounted, unable to vote or unwilling to hope, the overlooked, the exploited, the movers,
the breakers, the builders the shakers, and the laborers, this is our moment! Teachers, nurses, farmers, veterans, store clerks, hotel workers, firefighters ,and servicemen members,
engineers, and electricians, those unemployed and those retired; thisis our moment! Artists, activists, musicians, leaders,
innovators, and organizers, cooks, janitors, servers, union workers, postal workers, and sex workers, this is our moment! Every single person right now who is
grieving because they've lost a loved one by guns or they've lost a loved one to war or to drug overdose or to suicide; this is our moment! To foster children and children in cages;
the single mother and single father fighting tooth and nail to reunite with
their babies; those living with mental illness and
those burdened with debt; this is our moment To the Black women, to the Black women making 61 cents on the dollar, the Black families who have had the "just make it home safely baby" talk; this is our moment! This is our moment; to the immigrant
families living in fear of deportation, the trans person who avoids medical care for fear of discrimination, or worse assault; this is our moment! So, so to you, you, and you, this is our moment. To him, her, ze, and them; this is our this is our moment! So let me tell you, let's say this is what we need to do. We have a choice to go ahead and make
this history moment, so I know that some of you will say, yes
you know what Cori I I've knocked like 400 doors like I'm a star. No, no oh thank you thank you for that thank you, but we're trying to make history here we only have today and tomorrow to finish
this work. Let me say this, it doesn't come back again Tuesday does
not come back again. We don't have Bernie Sanders running
this race against this person at this time to take this presidency
coming back again, so this is our moment. This is our moment, Missouri, we got to
take it. So what we're going to do is: they already announced we have six
shifts available so we need you to sign up. I know you may be tired, but let me
tell you how tired you'll be if we have the wrong person in office so
what's this gonna look like in four years So, we need you to kick in; kick in exponentially. I know you've done great
work, we know you've done it, and we thank you,
for it but let's say this: we do not want to wake up on Wednesday
morning or go to sleep on Tuesday night knowing we missed it by a thousand votes. And we and this was the thing well you know i got to go home because
my kids and you know I and you know i got to make it to the
meeting and i got to do know what you got to do what we got to do is make this
happen. So we're calling on you, every single one
of you are important, every single one of you have what it
takes to help us meet this need, even if you say well I don't phone
bank or I  don't canvas you have something we can do
pull on some folks and let's make sure people show up and let's take this for
Bernie! So now the moment that we've been
waiting for; the moment we've been waiting for.
Some call him AmotíoBernie amo Bernie, some call him tío Bernie, I call him Unc Bernie. Our next president of these here United
States Senator Bernie Sanders you