[ERIN VILARDI]: I want to thank Ari and Lauren for reaching out to me to say um you know, while Broadway is
closed, while the theater is a little bit shuttered right now they are using their
skills and talents um looking for progressive women who are
running for office. And I handed them you know probably a
dozen or so names of women across the country um who are running for office
right now, but I felt really moved of course um and for many of you you
know this this is the first fundraiser I've ever held. 
And it is for Cori Bush because I believe in her deeply.
I believe in the possibility that she has from Missouri's first district,
which many of you know um covers Ferguson Missouri where Michael Brown
was killed over five years ago; where the history has repeated itself
um in the murder of black men and the increased police brutality and violence
that we see with George Floyd in Minneapolis and the
vigilante murder of Ahmaud Arbery and others. in the recent um recent events. But there is a lot of reason to be
hopeful and one of those reasons to be hopeful is Cori Bush.
And is her vision for where she wants to take the country, is her experience her lived experiences as a mom
as a single mom as a pastor as a registered nurse.
And many of you can agree with me when I tell you that we need more medical
professionals in Congress today because we have a real
lack of understanding about medicine and science and the wearing of masks and other such things. So, I'm just I'm just so thrilled to potentially have another registered
nurse alongside another friend of mine Lauren
Underwood that would be two registered two
registered nurses in Congress which would be fantastic. So I want to let Cori say hello, but
then we're going to go right into the performance from Ari and from Lauren and it's going to be beautiful. [CORI BUSH]:Thank you so much Erin. Thank you for you all this is amazing, and I'm just
still stunned and you know I'm not often speechless but i'm i kind of am right now. Thank you all so much for supporting and wanting to do this. I'm just I'm outdone so let's get ready for this I'm so excited about this musical moment,
virtual musical moment. I've never seen this before so let's do it! [Erin]: Of course i want to thank all of our donors i'll reveal our big number at the end. But thank you everybody who contributed [CORI BUSH]: Everybody, everybody. [ERIN]: All right take it away Lauren and Ari [LAUREN GUNDERSON]: Hi everybody my name is Lauren Gunderson. And I am speaking from San Francisco, California, traditional lands of the Ohlone people. I'm the book writer of this musical, and I am
overjoyed to be sharing this with you. Especially as we put our art, our activism, our hearts, our hopes, and yes our wallets— thank you very much—
behind the incredible Cori Bush. [ARI AFSAR]: And I am Ari Afsar the composer and lyricist of Jeannette. I am in Los Angeles, the traditional lands of the Chumash Tongva people. When I opened the musical Hamilton as Eliza in Chicago a month before the
2016 election it changed how I saw my art, my activism,
and the history of women in this country. I went looking for our founding mother. 
who were the first leaders elected? What could they teach us now?
And with one google search I discovered the first female identifying candidate
to run for congress and win. She was a Montana rancher's
daughter named Jeannette Rankin. [LAUREN:Jeannette was elected not in the 60s or the 30s, but in 1916. 100 years before hillary won the popular vote and lost the election. And four years before the 19th amendment ratified by enough states to make votes women across this nation part of our constitution. [ARI]: Well, votes for white women
our show is a discovery of one of our founding mothers, but it is also a
reckoning with the power and necessity of what voting means. That
despite her work on suffrage, Black women, Asian women, Indigenous women were all barred from voting. So what does that
reality mean for the continual work we do today for equality,
justice, and freedom for all. [LAUREN]: We wrote this musical about Jeannette Rankin because we believe that the ferocity of her spirit is alive
and well today and is part of what is needed to make our country a more
perfect union for all. Of course, we see that same
intelligence, ferocity, determination, grace, and grit
in Cori Bush. That's why we're here. [ARI]: We hope you enjoy this musical preview
about a woman who ran, a woman who won, one and a woman who
made a difference. [LAUREN]:But of course, we really hope that you vote for the next woman who's going to do that and more,
you know who we're talking, about go Cori. [ARI]: Our show begins with Jeanette looking out over the hills and fields of her home state of Montana, the
traditional Native lands of the Blackfeet, Crow, Cheyenne, and Sioux people. And she says: [LAUREN]: Montana, mountains, rivers big land, big sky, big dreams,
if you're a man. I'm not but I love a challenge. I was seven when the
news boy ran up fall 1889 he tells my mother that we are now
a part of the union. I said mama what what does that mean. She said: it means you're not just a Montana girl,
Jeanette. Now you're an American. And suddenly the
skinny, bored little girl felt like she could be a part of a huge new idea if she ever got out of the town where she grew
up, called Hellgate. [SINGING]: [LAUREN]: Jeannette decides that one of her life goals will be to fight for women's
suffrage for her home state of Montana. A lot of men and women supported her, but a lot of men and women did not. But she kept going, and she says
to the Montana State House—the first woman to speak there—
Gentlemen today I urge you to pass the bill before you granting women voting rights across this state. I know that many of you already
agree that women earn wages and pay taxes and right now they do so
without representation in their own government. And that's wrong many of you already see that you can and must fix this by
granting statewide suffrage and I thank you. But, to those of you who don't yet agree with me I understand. This change feels grand and untested but I promise you that if
you join us, you will be on the right side of history,
the right side of workers, the right side of American families.
Give women the vote and they will give you the future. [ARI]: Those men listened, and passed the bill to let women vote in the state o Montana. But that wasn't enough, now Jeanette thinks, [LAUREN]: if i run all of those women
could vote for me. [ARI]: So, with the help of her brother and sister and a movement of people ready to do something that has never
been done before she runs and wins. [LAUREN]: On the night of her victory
she says to a massive crowd montana our work starts today: I go to Washington to work for mothers, children mine workers, teachers, for all
Montanans, who trusted in me to fight for them. But
to those of you who did not support me know that I
fight for you, too. And on day one of my term in office—right after I
introduce a house resolution to put the 19th amendment granting women's suffrage into our constitution—I will get to work for all montanans who want peace
prosperity and equality. Thank you, Montana, we have made history together. [SINGING] [LAUREN] At this point in the show things change, and we see what's truly at the heart of voting rights in America. We'll get
back to Jeanette Rankin and her fight for women's suffrage in 1917,
but we're going to jump ahead for a minute because of course American women do get the right to vote and the 19th amendment passes
in 1920. Of course we mean White women get the right to vote. [SINGING] [ARI]: In 1920, I would not have had the right to vote. My father is from Bangladesh and Asia Americans did not get the right to vote until 1952. At this moment of the show, all 14 of the actors would address their voting rights ancestry to illuminate the disfranchisement of so many
communities. In 2013 the Supreme Court overturned a provision act of the '65 voting rights Act, and we lost a tool to combat racial discrimination when voting is supposed to be the right of all American citizens, not just white ones. [SINGING] [LAUREN: Jeanette goes to congress and on the fourth day in office is met with the trial of
her career. The president is forcing a vote on
declaring war against imperial Germany, which would become
World War One. Jeannette is a pacifist. Jeannette believes that all
diplomatic efforts haven't been exhausted yet, and that war won't solve
anything for long. She also knows that a vote against the
war will turn her political allies against her, and that all her work for the 19th amendment will be stalled if not erased.
But she can't vote against her conscience, so she votes
no. [SINGING] [LAUREN]: After the backlash against her voting no on the war, where even her brother tells her she's not welcome in Montana anymore, and after a lame duck two years in office she's voted out. [ARI]: This is not only due to her pacifist voice, but to the massive gerrymandering campaign against her that came from big
industry after she was elected. The system turned
on her. [LAUREN]: When Jeanette's sister visits her at the end of her term she confesses, [ARI]: I'm telling you I think I said
it's back. Everyone can point to me and say this is
what happens when you give a woman power. [LAUREN]: No, Jeannette's sister says,
this is what happens when you give a woman power. [ARI: Edna opens up a sack of letters from women across the country
and shows them to Jeanette. [LAUREN]: Hundreds of them Jeannette. sent to the house every day women all across the country
asking for help or hope or just to say thank you, I've never had a woman in
charge to write to, maybe you'll understand.
Mothers, grandmothers, more than a few marriage proposals—thank god—teachers, social workers, students, nurses, little girls. I brought three trunks of
letters for you,. Jeanette, which is why i said get up. Because we're writing every one of them back. [ARI]: Jeanette is a citizen now in the summer of 1920 when all eyes are on the State House of Tennessee.
Harry T Bur was the junior state senator from Tennessee who was supposed to vote no on the 19th amendment. And then he got a note from his mother the night before the vote. And she says,
be a good boy and put the rat in ratification. This next song Tennessee
starts from Feb to her son [SINGING] [LAUREN]: Now that you know Jeannette's story let's make her vision, her ambition, and her open heart
part of all of our stories by electing Cori Bush. Because all of us are
required to fight for all of us in this moment and in
every one after it. [ERIN]: That, I don't know what to say.
That was so powerful; it was so fantastic. Cori, that's gonna be a tough
act to follow. I don't know that was that was amazing um the history
the you know the intersectionality of the
work that you have pulled together it was so beautiful, thank you so much for doing that, for being a part of this fundraiser
for all of you who gave. And, our our main attraction of
course is is Ms. Cori Bush. That was really powerful and makes it just so worth it and so I'm
just so grateful to you all. Thank you so much. Cori, the floor is yours. You are the future of all of
that history. You are exactly the vision that should be in
Congress. You are the woman to be carrying this torch forward
um of generations of women whose shoulders we stand on and I
I just I can't think of a better woman to do this this fundraiser for. We have raised over seven thousand dollars in four days y'all. That is amazing I want to thank Lisa, some of you made some pretty big gifts. Some of your our friends, i texted you for 25 bucks and you came in at four or
five times that amount, so I'm grateful to all of you. Welcome Abby, we we will get your recording of the performance if you came
in late as well. But please, I want I want to turn it over to Cori Bush. I
think we may also show the new ad that's up
um and there's just so much work to do and I can't wait to hear your vision Cori, so thank you. [CORI]: Oooh, I'm  glad you went first Erin after athat. Look, I, again, I didn't
the same thing Erin said I didn't know what to expect. Look, I look a mess, oh my God. Um I didn't know what to expect
but that was absolutely amazing like I'm blown away
by that and I'm blown away, you know, at the talent. Lauren now I understand why you have the title that you have.
You know, Ari I just hope that you just go so so so so
far I hope that this thing just, that more people get to hear this.  I'm
gonna push the heck out of this so people can see and hear
this. And the fact that you all did this totally 100% on your own. And the message the message is so rich, you know, um it's so rich and it's so now. And i mean like that message was just all up in me. It was like, I couldn't
you know, but anyway, I think we have the video cue the commercial queued. Are we ready? Yeah. Okay so I'm gonna get myself together for a second let the
video go. And then I'll come back, where I can
speak because I don't know, Ari, you just messed me up. I like i feel like I went
to church, I don't know. [TV AD]: I'm Cori Bush, nurse, pastor, single mom.
Like you, I've wondered: where's our justice these last 20 years?
I've struggled paycheck to paycheck, asking where's our progress.
And as a Black mom, I'm sick of having to say "just make it home
safely." I'm Cori Bush and I approve this message, because Lacy Clay hasn't risen to meet this moment. he's presided over 20 years of decline. It's time for a change, for new
leadership that works for you. It's our time to make history [CORI BUSH]: Yeah, umm, thanks so, you know, let me just say that
the message of this. Hopefully it'll get to Broadway, you know,
soon. As soon as COVID you know releases
its grip you know and so many people have to see
this and hear this like I just I can't even, like I'll say this,
I feel right now the way that I felt after I saw Knock Down the House put
together. Amy Vilela is here right with me in the space. When we sat at
Sundance and we got to see it with everyone at the same time, we didn't see
all of it um you know beforehand um the way that
we uh the way that it was on the screen. And
seeing it on that screen and hearing everybody scream and cry;  it
was like scream cry yell, laugh, you know back and forth.
That's what this was, it was like all of the emotions, just a roller coaster, and I
just can't believe it and that I feel like you just poured it
into me to be able to finish. 12 days. And let me say, these aren't you know, sucker tears,
these are tears of fight. And and and and pride I'm so proud of what
you all have done. I'm proud of every single woman that you just
highlighted, and that struggled, and went through so much
so that I could be here, so that you could be here and do doing what you're
doing, so that the door is open for for people
like me to be able to step in and not just vote. Because
they can't you know black women oh yeah come and vote
we need your voting bloc but when do we get to lead? And so when do brown get women get to lead? When do people pay us attention?
How how you know how often do we push up our Asian community so that they can lead? But that's what this is speaking about, and so
I just want to encourage you, you know in the world. Thank you so much,
because you just ignited a new fire in me, you know. Listening to your words you know we won't sleep till it's over. We
won't sleep till it's over, we can't. We won't compromise. You say "we're going to disrupt these memories"
you know we're going to disrupt these memories, that's what we're doing, even
out on the street. You know, as we're fighting, you know um
for Black lives, with the George Floyd and Brianna Taylor
protest. I've been doing this since 2014 for Mike Brown. I didn't know what i was stepping into, but I knew that I had to be there
because somebody's baby was laying on the street, in the hot St. Louis humid sun, burning on the street for four and a
half hours. Just laid out on the street, not even
covered up with a sheet; just laying there for other people to
just walk by and see this baby's body. 18, my son is 20
and this was an 18 year old baby, laying in the street, murdered unjustly and so we that that fight. We've continued that up until
now but one thing that I saw you know, I'm going from from protest to
Congress. I always said protest to politics, but
I'm making it even more specific, I'm going from protest to Congress. And
the reason why that's needed is because the work that we've done on
the streets. All the work that we did in Ferguson—we protested more than 400 days. And then we kept that going we protested again
after that. We took the protests around the country
helping other other groups protest. I've even done
work across the, you know, internationally. I've helped in
Sudan; I've helped in Afghanistan, and in Egypt doing a
non-violent conflict resolution. Then here we are right now,
as we're fighting the pandemic of COVID, we never stop fighting the
pandemic, where Black lives are are disproportionately murdered by police in this country, and the pandemic of a lack of health care, and wage inequality, and all of these
you know children in cages in our own country right now,
as we as we go to Mcdonald's and and we go to the grocery store and
you know we do all of these things about our day, but there are still
children in cages right now in our country. There are people
who are living with on starvation on starvation wages, but we're giving billions of dollars to war profiteers. When, right now, we have our own war in this country people sleeping on the ground
and they don't have they don't have adequate shelter and
it's on it goes on and on. And so that's why people like me have to
run. I've been there, I'm that person that lived out of a car
with two babies, moving it around my city to make sure
that the police didn't stop me and take my kids from me. I'm someone who worked low wage, not becauseI didn't deserve more,
but that's all that they were offering. And that was the job that I
had at the time. For 10 years, I couldn't make more than 10 dollars an hour. I think about how I made— as a black woman i get to make, I'm
allowed to make—61 cent on every single dollar. You know, and and and my white male counterpart gets to make the full dollar,
and I don't understand because I'm not giving a 61 cent effort.
I'm not giving, uh I'm giving a 100% effort for this work, and so
I feel like somebody has to step up and say, and speak to that thing. But when you
can speak to that thing because you are that thing, or you've been in that thing, you know. That's what that time is right now and
so that's what I plan to do in Congress and we have 12
days to make a difference. And this what you just did, this pushes me even harder, it pushes me even more, it gives me more of a vision to see, when the attacks come. Remember, that word that you just gave me, I'm going to remember you singing, Ari. I'm going to remember that over
these next over these next 12 days. Lauren, I'm going
to remember your words and how and how, not only that we have to
keep it in context, you know so you you gave it context, and
so I appreciate that. And every single person that decided to
donate, Erin, the fact that you even decided to set this up. I know you went outside of the of what you regularly do, but let me say this. It won't be in vain
because, Erin, i'm going to not only work for St. Louis, I'm going to work for our entire nation. I believe that when we come
together working for our entire nation that it will not only affect change
right here in in the United States, it will affect
change across our world. We have people reaching out to us—Amy
can attest to it— people reaching out to us from across
the world. I mean, we have people reaching out and i don't even know where these places are, I have to go google it
to see where where is this on the map. Because we are affected, and these are women saying I feel empowered because I
saw you or you did this and I feel like I can do
this in my own country. That's who we have to be. So thank you so
much. Every single dollar that has been
donated to this campaign, it's going to great use. The only thing we're doing in these last 12 days is helping to get the word out
and keep the message clear. We're keeping the message very clear and
part of that message, though it has to be that the fact is if I win
this seat, I would be the very first woman to ever
take this seat. It's been 172 years, I will be the very first ever
Black Congresswoman from the state of Missouri in the history
of American history. So it would be Black history, it'll be
St. Louis history, it'll be Missouri history, and it will be U.S history you know all at the same time. And it's not about you know gender politics or anything like that,
it's about facts, and that's the fact. You know, and so this that you are
doing is helping this campaign so much.
So when we cross that finish line, victorious, on August the 4th, when that day comes, when they say we didn't know she could do it, we didn't
think she could do it— yeah she raised a few dollars but it was
a machine that was behind her— well we got a machine too and it looks
like you. It looks like you. It's this it's this machine of you. and
so thank you um each dollar is going into something into some type of
advertisement, so we're going to make we're going to work the mess out of these dollars, let me say this. Because I'm a single mom who—like
I said I lived out of a car—I used to mix
my kids formula in /the bathroom at McDonald's. You know I knew how to work a dollar then, we can work a dollar now. So thank you for every single thing, everything, thanks for all the support, and I'm going to shut up now, but like you all said: peace, peace, prosperity, and equality. We're fighting for it. I'll be your Congresswoman. Thank you. [ERIN]: Thank you Cori, do you have time for maybe one or two questions. [CORI]: I do. [ERIN]: Okay, we can you can turn yourself off mute if you'd like or you can put it in the chat. I'll
I'll happily read it if you want to just write it in the chat. But I  think you know, one of the things when i found out
about the Congressman who's currently in office 19 years his dad
was in this seat 32 years you know VoteRunLead did a training in St.  Louis just um you know 15 minutes from Ferguson, and we toured the community several times, we organized in the community, and
and the you know the dilapidation, the lack of investment.  This person has been in the seat for 20 years, and this
community has not, is not, thriving, is a testament to
needing change. Someone's donating again I love that thank you Annie, do we have any questions, does anyone want to ask
Cori  a question? You also don't have to, that's okay too. [LISA] I don't have a question, but I  just want to let Cori know I saw you in Knock Down the House, and I
thought, My God that woman is amazing, and so I'm so
glad that you're running again. Your fire is what we need here in Washington
and boy oh boy I'm waiting for August 4th. I'm very excited for your candidacy,
and so glad that Erin gave me an opportunity to help you
out. So good luck. [CORI]: Thank you, Lisa, thank you
that's really encouraging um you know sometimes people say, "well why would you run against a democrat, somebody who's
experienced, that's been there for 20 years." Well part of that's the problem. That experience hasn't held up for 20 years.We're not, we don't feel it, and as like Erin said there's so much decay in our community, you know, we're always fluctuating
between number one and number two for violent crime, for homicides you know. And then also top five for violent crime, we have you know high poverty in this community, and it's not getting better. We're number one, we've been
number one for police murders in this country since
2013. From 2013 to 2019 number one for police murder. You know and we have the same person that's been our Congress person. When I
was unhoused, when I was in the payday loan cycle,
when I was low wage, whenIi was uninsured, all of that happened under this same
leadership. And I'm tired and my people can't go
through this, and so that's why I'm standing up and I'm fighting.
So I'm you know, I got 12 days to really make a
difference, and so if you'll stand with me for these next 12 days I promise that thatIi will give you two years. Two hardcore years of work, two hardcore years of work. Two hardcore years, just, you know, making sure that, [ERIN]: WE know you will, and many more after that. I was talking with Cori team about you know where any additional funds are going where these funds are going.
Yes, they need to get these ads up as you know tv is really important for
Congressional campaigns, but they also have a boat load of
volunteers who they're going to be giving gas cards to, so you know you know Cori just talked to us about who's in the community, they're
community level volunteers who who can't get out and drive people to
the polls if they don't have gas in their tank. You know, so
I know um I know everybody has given but I'd love for you to consider you know in the next 12 days if it's, something you'd like to do again, or if
you have two friends. Right, if there are two people that you can ask
you know hey can you match the donation that I have given you can send them this recording. They will be moved after that recording,
but this is the crunch time so we ask that you do that in the now.
Because this is a primary,  and you the incumbents have a lot of
advantages in primaries. People just don't know—there isn't
enough words you know—and I just did a panel on on Missouri voting. They make it
so damn hard for Missouri, Missourians to vote. With taking your
absentee ballot to a notary and getting that notarized, it's like why are you
going to do that for coronavirus.You might as well
actually go to the polling place on the day of. You have to have your ballot
mailed in—if it's a mail-in ballot—that lands at the election day
desk, at the election desk, on election day. All of those are voter suppression
tactics that are purposeful and by design. So these these volunteers that are doing these gas cards and stuff are
actually really critical to get people the day of because this is really going
to be a day of turnout game Cori on the 4th. [CORI]: Yes and we're
we're also going to make sure that we have people on the polls.
When I ran in 2018 we didn't have enough of our polling places covered. IOne thing that was an issue is people we saw people coming out after voting saying and then they're
seeing the lit or they saw a sign and it's like oh that's Cori Bush. I thought Cori Bush was a white man, you
know, because people looking at Cori and the last name Bush, people assume Bush. So that was a big thing for us. And so now we have billboard we
have um three highway billboards and we also
have eight roadway billboards up, you know and that's quite
a bit of money, um but that's the kind of advertising we have to do. We have to
we have to do a bit more to show people like who is this person that's
talking talking about representing you. So every single dollar is going to matter: Our yard signs—when we in 2018 I didn't have my face on my yard signs—and I remember
purchasing yard signs. We would get 500 yard signs for 1400
dollars, now because my face are on them we get
500  yard signs for 4600 dollars. So it's
like this huge, you know, so things are a lot more expensive,
so thank you for donating. We appreciate it. If you have somebody else that you can reach out to that can, may be able to, donate by the end ofJuly, that would help out tremendously. We want to stay on television, that ad
is running now, it's running on broadcast and it's also running on cable.
We want to make sure—the other thing is with COVID, so many people
are not um driving driving around so they're not made they may not see the
signs— we're getting to them by tv and
by radio. So we're getting to them by tv and by radio
um so okay okay um so this is how we have to do it and every single dollar is going to count. The e incumbent has never done the type of campaigning he's doing right
now, he's never done before, so we know that we're getting somewhere. We know
we know we're moving. EWhen we ran the last time we brought into the campaign like a 176,000 dollars the entire campaign. This time we've already raised over 600,000 dollars. Small dollar donations—no corporate
pacs, no lobbyist—even though 76% of his
money does come from come from there. So, with your help, with your friends help,
you know we can take this. Few more days. Whether it's a
dollar, we've done fundraisers that have been a dollar, we've asked people donate
a dollar everybody donate a dollar until the next 24 hours. We've done that and we've gone all the way up to ask people for the max
donation of 2800. So every single every single piece counts. We wanted to make sure everybody knew because I'm one of those
people that couldn't afford to donate the kind of money I  wanted to
to my favorite candidate, so we opened that up. Like hey, we let people
know you can donate a dollar to us and people did. So we don't look
at that dollar any less than we look at that 2800.But  both of them when you put them together helps us to get across this finish line. So go team! Thank you so much. [ERIN]: Thank you you everyone. Thank you Lauren and Ari. Oh my God, you were beautiful and Amazing. Thank you all for doing this and spreading the word thank you. And thank you so much, Cori. [CORI]: Thank you!