On a day like today, the scene across America is mostly festive Communities gettin' together, barbecuing. We drink some beer. We share some stories. Maybe we'll toast to our nation's military in between laughs. There's nothing wrong with this. The fact is that brave men and women who sacrificed for this country, they would want us to do that. They would demand that we celebrate with laughter and freedom and joy, not just some kind of sad solemn ceremony. The brothers I've lost, the SEAL brothers, would certainly demand that we toast, sometimes over and over
again, in their honor. They would also demand
that they be remembered, but unfortunately sometimes too much of the population forgets to remember. You see, for a smaller segment
of the American people, Memorial Day hits home a
little harder, a little closer. This is the warrior class of America, the class of people that hides among you. The tiny percentage of Americans that have served, sweat, and bled
for America's freedom. And it's their families, too. These patriots who hold
down the home front, and send their most beloved person on earth into the depths of hell. They kiss them goodbye in the tarmac, and they hold back tears as they go forth to take the fight to the enemy so that the enemy doesn't
take that fight here. In ancient Greece, when the Persians were on the verge of invading the Greek peninsula, the story of the city of
Sparta provides us a glimpse into this warrior class that
I talked about here today. The Spartans were the
fiercest warriors in Greece, and as such, they identified
300 men to send to Thermopylae. It was a narrow pass
where the Persian army had to cross in order to enter Greece. It was a suicide mission, meant to give the Greeks time to prepare for the Persian armies. It's said that the Spartan king, King Leonidas, he chose those 300 men not based on being the bravest, or the best warrior, he chose them because of the strength
of the women there, and the strength of their wives. 'Cause the Spartans knew that after their men fell in battle, the future of their people lay with the strong women who stayed behind. When the women of Sparta stood, the people of Greece followed. In the SEAL teams, we know a
little bit about Spartan women. This part of the warrior
class is often forgotten, 'cause they don't wear uniforms, and they don't get awarded medals, and they don't have physical scars. They serve in the shadows. They mourn in private. They wake up everyday without their best friend next to them, and their heroism goes unrecognized. But these family members, these spouses, are some of the bravest
Americans you will ever meet. Their service doesn't ever end. Their pain does not stop
after a retirement ceremony. Their sacrifice is forever. It is one thing to sacrifice yourself. It is quite another to willingly sacrifice the person you love most in this world, to allow, over and over again, that your family be placed in danger, completely outside of your control, so that back here we can live free. Free from danger, free from the knowledge of the perils of this world. So that back here we can celebrate with picnics and fireworks
and barbecue cookout. All that the warrior class asks is that we don't forget to remember. We live because they could not, and they expect much of us. Memorial Day is about
remembering the fallen, but more importantly than that is it about remember why they fell. They fell, they sacrificed, so that we could keep going. They lay down their lives
so that we could live, and I mean really live. So that we could find our
purpose in this world, and make our mark, and give everything we have to this great country. Maybe that's what memorial
day should be about. It's a time for Americans
to ask ourselves, are we worthy of the
sacrifices that have been made? Are we living up to the
memory of these heroes? Do we take the time to do
one good deed every day? Do we love our families enough? Do we care for a friend in need, or do we ignore their call? Did we make anyone's life better today? Did we live up to the core
ideals of the American spirit, of hard work and self-sacrifice, and are we striving for a better future? These women in front of me, they don't ask that question once a year. They feel that burden, and that responsibility every single day, and I assure you that the answer is yes, they live up to their
husband's memory, and more. The fallen would be damn
proud of who you are, and what you've accomplished, and what you do in their memory. So take time on this Memorial Day to take notice of these heroes, the ones we've lost, and the ones that are here with us today. We thank them. We promise to them, and to yourself, that you will honor their
memory through action, by giving back to this great country. Promise them that you
won't forget to remember. So thank you for being here. Thank you for being here Memorial Day. Thank you for supporting
this wonderful cause.