- During the last debate my opponent brought up some interesting
ideas about the real world. Take a look. - Let me tell you why. Do you want to get bad policy? Send a bunch of people
who have never worked in the real world. For you to be able to pass good policy you need real world experiences where you have had to take those issues, break them apart, and deal
with them in the real world. I don't care what you ran
at Harvard, it is different than real world dealing
with real situations. - I'm glad my opponent
brought up the real world. Now let's have a talk about that. The real world is a dangerous place. It's fraught with peril,
both foreign and domestic. The real world is a place where bad people want to do bad things to
our values and our country. The real world is about
patrolling dangerous places in the darkest hours of the night, blinking away the sleep from your eyes, and wondering if that next
turn in a blackened valley will put you in rifle range of the enemy. The real world is putting eight of your
friends in the ground, good men who made the ultimate sacrifice for our flag, our faith, and our freedom. Watching those stars and stripes
folded in a tight triangle and handed on behalf of a grateful nation to a grieving wife, parents, or children. The real world is a 5:00 a.m. phone call from halfway around the world. It's an army doctor telling your wife you may not come home alive, and if you do, it won't be intact. The real world is hard, it's unforgiving. It's a place of sacrifice. It's a place where
freedom is under attack. Where Christian values come
under assault every day. Where we need warriors to pick up a sword and fight for things that matter. Friends, family, faith,
flag, friends, and freedom. In the real world Americans
live paycheck to paycheck to give their kids a better
life, we go get a barbecue, we attend a world-famous rodeo, and we take cheesy pictures
in fields of bluebonnets. I think my opponent is
right, you need someone with real world experience, and I'm ready to bring the same fighting
spirit to Congress that I took to the
mountains of Afghanistan and the deserts of Iraq. This election is about
protecting the real world, your world, our world. So sign up, volunteer, join us. I invite each of you to be my teammates as we fight to bring change to Washington. Thank you.