- So, just under a year ago, we were batten down the
hatches, that's a Navy term, batten down the hatches for
the storm of the century. It was unlike anything we'd ever seen. My way of helping at the time, and today, we're here to talk about how does the government help? What is the government's roll in this, especially the Federal government. Todd and I are running for a federal seat. Back then, my way of dealing with it was volunteering with
the first organization that would take me, Team Rubicon. I wanna share with you a
little bit of what I saw there. It was really incredible. First of all, it's a great organization. I'd highly recommend supporting. They have them right all over the country. We would meet at 7:00 a.m., we'd get our tools together. We'd go to a house that
requested assistance, needed help mucking out, needed help throwing
down drywall, flooring, whatever it was. One lady didn't have her
husband around anymore. He was a Vietnam Veteran,
he had just died. We had to help her clear her entire house. Another home hadn't
been touched for weeks. We had to wear biohazard
suits and go in there. This family was so grateful by the work that people were doing. And I wanna say something else, this volunteer group had people from all over the country coming in. And they noted something,
they always talked about it. They said, because they'd
worked other disasters with Team Rubicon, they said, "Texans do it differently." Texans understand what
it means to come together and help your neighbor, pick yourself up and move forward. Texans are a get-it-done,
grit and resilience type of people. We understand that that
individual attitude, that sense of perseverance, that sense of personal responsibility, is the core of being Americans, the core thing that allows
our society to thrive. Of course, that comes
with some expectations. It comes with the expectation
that our tax dollars go to a good place. And that they're spent effectively. And that our government
is there to protect us when we need them the most. That's what we're talking about today. What we need to ask ourselves,
as we look at this problem, is what infrastructure is needed? Where is it needed? Who takes the lead? Who is held accountable for that? There aren't simple
answers to those questions. The reality is, is that
it's a mix of local and state, and federal. There's different solutions
for different parts of Houston. Alright, we're in an area, right now, that has very different
problems from Lake Houston. There's different solutions
associated with that. So, today we're gonna
talk about some of those. I'll say, first, that I will absolutely be voting for the bond, along with Todd. We should do it together. So let's show the bipartisanship
that maybe might have. I'll be voting for that
for a couple reasons. One specific to this region, within that bond is funding and money to update a study that occurred in 2003 to update the tributaries in this area, which directly costs money. So, I mean, that's
expanding those tributaries. Maybe it's building
additional detention ponds. But it's essential for this area. I highly recommend you vote for it. The other big reason, is because that unlocks federal funding, which we absolutely need
to fix this problem. It is going to be a mix of local, state, and federal funding. And we need to unlock that federal funding by voting for this bond. There's two prongs to how government helps solve this problem. The first one is helping people
recover in the first place. The second is making sure
that it never happens again. I'll talk very briefly about
how you help people recover. 'Cause it's also in a booklet that I'm passing out to everybody, where you can get into more detail. The first thing is, we
rely on our churches and nonprofits that have
helped us so much through this. And we support them. And we understand their goal. The second thing, cut
some of the red tape. Let FEMA actually help people, provide those temporary
allowances for waivers, those conditional waivers to allow FEMA to actually get the money
to people more quickly. And stop this federal payer
of last resort practice. It basically allows federal agencies to sort of wait someone out
until another federal agency takes charge instead, so they can save their money. There's probably a better way to do this. We need to be looking at
those kind of solutions. I'm gonna talk about five different things that we should be talking about from the federal level, that I should be talking about, as your representative in Congress. The first thing, is understanding
the latest developments with respect to engineering
and the planning process. It's understanding the details,
it's going out and learning. We'll see here, and what
you'll see in a lot more detail on the booklets that I hand out, are some of the basics
from those findings, talking to the experts, having them help me understand what I actually need to be fighting for. That's the first thing,
get the knowledge first. That's in the Western Houston area. This is what we've been looking
at, the Lake Houston area. And actually, I would
add one more to this, which was brought to
my attention recently. We talk about, often how in
Lake Houston, during the storm, the spillway was largely
working as it should at the southern end of Lake Houston. But despite that, in North Lake Houston, there's a good seven or eight
feet higher water level. Well, it turns out, that if
you look at the 1960 Bridge, it's about a 7,000 foot long bridge, only about 1600 feet of that
allows water to pass under it. It's the definition of a "bottle neck." Problem solving, solution finding, that's what we're talking about here. We go back to this slide
because this is our area that we're in right now. The second thing, is leadership. It's getting the right people in the room, making a plan, executing,
figuring out who's accountable. I know your basic
military problem solving, and I've done this a lot. And I've done it with the Army. Those relationships aren't always perfect. Navy, Army. But, that's how we work together. I've a pretty good understanding of the bureaucracy that they work in. A lot of you were here
for her presentation. You can tell that they're dealing with mountains of bureaucracy. It's not as easy as just deciding you're gonna do something, and do it. That will be my job. Understand what their obstacles are, not in a combative way,
but in a cooperative way. I admit that sometimes,
when I was in the military, maybe I was a little combative because they wouldn't let
me do what I wanted to do. But, (laughs) this is a cooperative way. That is a huge part of what
it means to be in Congress. Understand the obstacles
that they have to deal with, in order to get to the end solution, help you understand what
they're dealing with, and get it done faster. One thing she mentioned, and one thing that we'll
probably talk about more, maybe Matt will discuss more, was the Bipartisan Budget Act, which actually appropriated
and authorized the study for what could end up
being the third reservoir. Alright, but this is a three
year study, supposedly. So it's my job to be your voice, and probably say
something along the lines, and you probably don't
have to tell me this, I assume you're gonna say
"three years is too long." And I have to understand,
why is it three years, why is it taking so long? Why can't we get these answers sooner for solutions that we
feel are the right ones? And they might have
other answers for that. It's my job to be the go-between there, in a cooperative way, with the Army. Despite the fact they did
beat us twice in football this past year. (audience laughing) Forgive them. Third, this is really
the real role of Congress in this problem. Third is being deeply
involved in the passing of the Water Resource Development Act, which occurs about every two years. There's one that passed the
House already, this year. I'm hearing good things about it from Harris County Flood Control District. That our Texas delegation
has been doing a great job, by the way, of getting our
needs into that Water Reform-- That WRDA, is the acronym for it, Water Resource Development Act. That's gonna be crucial. No matter what committee you're on, if you're part of the Texas delegation, especially in this area, you have to be intimately
involved with that legislation, making sure that your
voices are heard in it, and making sure that the
projects we care about are in there. The fourth thing, I would call
it Processes and Regulation. And this goes back to the
US Army Corps of Engineers, and understanding what they deal with. You know, is the work plan
that they have to deal with when, basically, they get
authorized from Congress, and that goes through the
OMB and the Executive Branch, is that really a reasonable process? Or, do we find that what
Congress, which is the people, are asking for gets meddled
with in that process? Well, that's actually what
it does look like, to me. And maybe that's something we can change. And the regulations, we
think we need to reduce the national approach
to environmental reviews and permitting processes. We have to look at a more regional and local way of permitting. Sometimes these things take years. And for what reason? Regulations and permitting
that might be appropriate for the Great Lakes, or Louisiana, don't work in Houston, necessarily. We have to have that local control. And the last point, the
fifth point, I would say is how we need to focus on the Federal Flood Insurance program. There's been some good reforms passed in the House, recently, that are not yet made into law. I would absolutely support those reforms. They're examples of good governments. They're examples of opening up the markets to more rival insurers
making it more competitive, reducing the incentive to build in places we shouldn't be building, and to constantly rebuild homes
in the same exact location. That's killing the taxpayer. Those are the things I
think we do a lot, Gabby, 'cause I think the essence
of what we're trying to do is solve our problems here,
together, in a responsible way, that helps us and helps the taxpayer. I took an oath, over ten years ago, twelve years ago, to defend the Constitution
from foreign enemies, and that hasn't changed. That hasn't changed one bit. There's still a lot to protect the people of this country from, the people of this district from. And flooding is absolutely one of them. I will absolutely agree
to be a voice in Congress. Thank you for listening. (audience clapping)