- The way we accomplish the things we want to accomplish, the way we fix flooding in the Kingwood area and West Houston, the way we do all that with the right people in office is we get our next generation on board. They're absolutely the future and it impresses me so much that at a small Kingwood
headquarters HCRP opening that you guys are here. (applause) I wanna discuss why
you're voting republican, why this generation is so important and I think why we're gonna be the future. First of all, it's because we know that we love our country, and we know that loving our country doesn't mean you wanna fundamentally transform it, it means you appreciate it, it means you love it for what it is, if it's not living up to the ideals that you want it to live up to, then
you talk about that. That's what the Republican
Party stands for. It also means that you trust
your fellow countrymen. You trust them to make decisions
down at the local level. We don't need groups of
experts in Washington to make decisions for us, that is the-- that is the fundamental
system that was created when the shot was heard around the world in 1776, that's what we're all about. That's why this is the future. We also understand what fairness is. And fairness doesn't mean everybody gets a little bit of everybody else's stuff. (laughter)
[Man]- That's not fair. - That's not fair, that's
what I mean to say, that is exactly right. No, no, fairness means proportionality. It means as hard as you work is what you can accomplish, that's what you get. Because if you don't
live in a society like that, it really has no future. If there's no sense of responsibility where your actions
actually mean something, that they actually have consequences, that's what we're teaching our kids, that's what they know
fundamentally deep down and that's what the
Republican Party stands for. And speaking of fairness,
I think it's also fair that you keep the money you earn. (chuckles)
(applause) That your time is your own,
cause your money is your own. (clapping) I think something else, and this speaks to everybody who's under 40 years old, you know what else is fair? Not giving us a multi-trillion dollar debt that's gonna put our country
off a physical cliff. - [Woman] Amen. (applause) - The only way you tackle that is through entitlement reform and I tell you what this generation is ready to talk about it. It's no longer the 
third rail of politics. It's hard decisions we have to make so that we can actually survive. Cause we won't on our current
path and they know that. This generation is about
individual liberty, liberty above all else,
liberty within a moral system we know that we can't
have absolute freedom if we are not morally grounded. And we have to recognize
the Judeo-Christian values that brought us here. So that brings me to my last point about what we're about, and
it's about gratitude. Gratitude for the thousands
and thousands of years of trial and error that
created Western civilization, since Aristotle started thinking about it. We can't just upend all
that and make it go away with some kinda new democratic socialism, as if it's never been tried before. No, we had our experience
guys it didn't go so well. (laughter) That's what this
generation has the power of all knowledge right there
on a little super computer that you can hold in
your hand, you've been learning it since you can read. That's a very powerful thing, cause when look into every issue,
you find that as you dig deeper, at first it sounds good on the democratic side, I get it,
at first it sounds good but as you dig deeper, you realize that the truth, the context, matters. And that's what republicans stand for. That's what we stand for.
And that's why I'm so glad to see you here and glad
that you've been carrying the torch for us and I hope
to lead the way on that. (applause)