- And he will move America forward, and his name is Dan Crenshaw!
(applause) - Thank you, Justin. Thank you Leslie Shatto
for putting this on and great job bringing all of us together. Big round of applause for her. (applause) I hope you all are ready for a fight. I don't just mean tonight, there's gonna be a little
bit of fighting going on on the field, but I mean November, I hope you are ready for a fight. And when you leave here every single one of you who are
here today are part of that. That's a fight of ideas. Because when you leave here,
from now until November here's what I need every
single one of you to do, I need you to at least
convince 100 people, each and every one of you. If each and every one of you
convinced 100 independents that our ideas are the right ones. That you go to their door and you tell them why our
judges need to be elected, why we need to keep the house, why our plan for America is a better one, why it's more sustainable, why it preserves their freedom, then you're winning a fight. I was listening to a speech by
Dennis Prager, love that guy and he talked about what it
means to be a conservative. So when you go to the
door of an independent who's questioning why they should vote conservative or why they
should vote for a democrat You tell them all you have- you give them a penny and you tell them "Our ideas are perfectly
described in the penny." Take a look at it. The penny says, "In God we trust." Because we believe in a moral
framework for our society. because we believe we know
that we can't have liberty without a virtuous people.
(applause) And on the penny it says "Liberty" because we believe in prioritizing
our liberty above all else. Individual liberty. An individual liberty
above the collective. And it says "E pluribus unum," Of many, one. Because America is founded on these ideas. When people come here
they become American. We are not divided up
into identity politics or different groups,
we are Americans first. (applause) And there's a man on the penny, named Abe Lincoln,
The first Republican. Our history is a deep one. The Republican party's history is the one that abolished slavery. It's the one that supported
the civil rights movement and yet our history is
erased by Democrats. We can no longer allow that to happen because our history's encompassed
right here on the penny. It's the smallest unit of currency because we understand that
when you start to divide people up, the smallest unit of
the individual is the most important thing. An individual freedom and liberty, living together in E pluribus unum, living together in a moral framework In God we trust, that's
what makes America great. That's why you vote conservative. That's what you tell them at the door. (applause) Thank you all.