The Air Force
Academy at Colorado Springs, the US
Military Academy at West Point, the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, the Coast Guard Academy
at New London, and the Merchant Marine
Academy at Kings Point. These are America's
service academies, the Five Pointed Star. Each year, thousands of
cadets and midshipmen enter our nation's
service academies. They come from all walks of
life, and bring with them a variety
of experiences. The common thread is to
be challenged at the highest levels, and
serve our country in the most noble of
professions. Cadets and midshipmen at
America's service academies accept a lifestyle that is unique and demanding. Though they differ in terms of
their history and missions, the military
academies have more in common than most
people think. The service academies all
offer a rigorous, four year program. Their main focus is on
developing leaders to serve our nation in peace
and during conflict. Every cadet and midshipmen
receives a fully funded education,
including tuition, room and board, and health care, and upon graduating with a
Bachelor of Science degree, they are
commissioned as officers in the uniformed services. Each academy is rated as a top undergraduate college. All offer majors in engineering,
math, science, and the humanities. When cadets and midshipmen
graduate, they take with them lasting friendships. They forge lifetime bonds under
the intense pressure and the high moral and ethical
standards demanded by our service academies. They are prepared to
rely on each other to get the job done. Our academies are not only
focused on providing a first-class education, but on
training and leading. Cadets and midshipmen are a
part of a very special team, America's team. These are the young men and
women we turn to in order to maintain our
national defense. It's a big job, but
these academy grads are very well-prepared. We look for well-rounded
candidates, individuals who demonstrate character,
academic prowess, physical toughness, and the
potential not only to excel at the academy,
but also to excel as officers after graduation,
and likely make a career of the Air Force, Army,
Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard,
or Merchant Marine. A healthy balance of these
assets is considered by our admission boards. Cadets and midshipmen
are taught by men and women who are top
in their field. The ratio of students
to teachers is among the lowest in the nation. The primary mission for
instructors and professors is classroom teaching. Equipment is state of the art. The unique challenges
are unmatched. No other school offers the range of opportunities available at
a service academy. In keeping with a famous quote
by General Douglas MacArthur that, "On the fields
of friendly strife "are sown the seeds that
on other fields, "on other days, will bear the
fruits of victory," all cadets and
midshipmen are athletes and every athlete is challenged. The academies share a belief
that the competition and teamwork learned on
the playing fields reinforce the team spirit needed
to get the job done. At the service academies, there
is both an officer and undergraduate
chain of command. Cadets and midshipmen have a
chance to develop and practice personal
leadership skills. To be a leader, you must
learn to follow. That's why
upperclassmen have a great responsibility in training
lower classmen. It's about becoming a leader
who will inspire respect and obedience
even under the most trying of circumstances. Our cadets and midshipmen
are taught how to keep their heads when
things get tough, to make the right decision
the first time. They see what is
required and make sure it is carried out, learning
through their mistakes. The principle rule of conduct
is based on honor. Cadets and midshipmen do not
lie, cheat, or steal. Just as they learn to use
the most advanced technology in the world,
these young men and women also develop an inner
confidence that keeps them pointed on the path of
honor and integrity. In the process, cadets and
midshipmen join a long and distinguished line of
academy graduates. These graduates inspire
on the strength of their vision and the
courage of their team. Service academy
graduates excel in every sphere of influence. From General and Admiral to
government leaders and captains of industry,
some say that much of the history taught at the
academies was made by graduates who went before. Our country expects a great
deal from our cadets and midshipmen, to make
them the best in their chosen field. Academy graduates
prove worthy of this assessment by the way
they perform their post-graduate service
opportunities. It all comes down to this. For those who want to reach
their potential, they have the help they
need to find it. America's service academies, the Five Pointed Star. (patriotic music) In 1954, just seven years
after the founding of the Air Force, President
Dwight D. Eisenhower directed the establishment of
the United States Air Force Academy. Located near Colorado Springs,
Colorado, the academy nestles against
the eastern slopes of the majestic Rocky Mountains,
with a campus covering 18,000 acres. Our proud heritage includes
the accomplishments of military aviation pioneers,
like Billy Mitchell, Hap Arnold, and Benjamin O.
Davis. Air Force Academy alumni
include a Medal of Honor recipient, a congresswoman, and several astronauts. The mission of the United
States Air Force Academy is to educate, train,
and inspire men and women to become
officers of character motivated to lead the United
States Air Force in service to our nation. To that effort, we
strive to attract highly qualified, diverse
candidates from varying backgrounds who will
strengthen and enrich the cadet learning environment,
and prepare our graduates to lead a global
expeditionary air force. The academy is guided by
the Air Force's core values of integrity first,
service before self, and excellence
in all we do, and based on the four pillars of
military training, academics, athletics, and
character development. Air Force Academy cadets
hone their leadership skills through a variety of
airmanship, immersion, exchange, and summer
training programs. Whether it's
participating in the world's premiere aviation program
with 90% of the soaring instructor pilots and
free-fall parachute instructors being cadets,
traveling across the globe for one of our many
immersion or exchange programs, or shadowing an
active duty member at an operational Air Force
base, cadets take these experiences well into
their Air Force careers. Each cadet may choose from
over 30 academic majors, and several minors,
with courses in engineering, basic sciences, social sciences, and humanities. No matter which path
they decide, USAFA cadets are prepared for a future in the Air Force. Since every cadet is an athlete,
all will participate in either intercollegiate,
intramural, or club competition at the
highest levels. Nearly 24% of our cadets
compete at the Division One level, and we
are rated number one nationally for athletic
opportunities for women. As a future officer,
character development is a key part of an Air
Force Academy's cadet experience. Man in Beret: When you
exited that bus, you took the first step
that every member of the long blue line has taken. Do not disappoint those who
came before you. Standards are set much
higher for you now. You've chosen to sacrifice
your personal pride. You're brothers and
sisters in arms. Voiceover: The academy is
proud of having more than 200 hours of character
development training courses covering human
relations and leadership, along with many other
emphasis areas. After four challenging yet
rewarding years, Air Force Academy graduates
earn a Bachelor of Science degree and
a commission as second lieutenants. The education and training
of America's future leaders is paramount. Let the United States
Air Force Academy be the path to joining the
world's premiere air, space, and
cyberspace force. The United States Military
Academy at West Point. The name evokes feelings of
pride and achievement. Located on 16,000 acres of
quiet hills, woods, and fields in the beautiful
Hudson River Valley, West Point has been training
the Army's future leaders for more than 200 years. Although located in the
tranquility of the Hudson Valley, New York City,
the home of Wall Street, Broadway,
and Lady Liberty, is less than an hour's drive
from West Point. Since the Military Academy's
founding in 1802, West Point has defined
leadership in academics, in physical fitness, in
military training, and in selfless service
to the nation. Consistently ranked
among our nation's top colleges, and world-renowned
for its leadership development, West Point
combines cutting-edge technology and
educational innovation in state of the art facilities
at this historic sight. Both past and present,
the long gray line is full of warrior scholars,
dedicated to our nation, and inspired to serve a cause higher than themselves. The core curriculum at West
Point stresses the fundamentals of engineering and
military leadership. West Point was our
nation's first engineering school, and it's
engineering programs are still ranked among the
best in the country, but cadets can choose
from among more than 35 majors, including
computer science, information technology,
foreign languages, and economics. Opportunities are also
available for research and study, both across
the United States and around the world. In addition to semester
abroad and Military Academy exchange programs,
cadets might spend time in the summer on
advanced individual academic development projects,
such as researching renewable
energy in Uganda, studying rotor craft
aero elasticity in Hampton, Virginia,
researching virtual reality cognitive performance in Marina
del Rey, California, or participating in
language and cultural immersion in countries
like France, China, Tajikistan, or Brazil. Fitness is a key component for
every Army officer, so naturally the Military
Academy places a high value on physical training. So whether it's competing
in one of the 29 inter-collegiate club
sports participating in intramurals, or representing the Army Black Knights on
one of the Army's 25 NCAA teams, every
cadet is an athlete. Even for those who come here
prepared to face a challenge, the road to
becoming an Army officer is a demanding one, and
it should be, because upon graduation
all cadets receive Bachelor of Science degrees,
and commissions as second lieutenants
in the US Army. To prepare cadets for the
challenges they will face as Army officers,
leaders in today's Army and the world, the
Military Academy hones cadet's abilities
within a strong, moral, ethical framework. They are taught how to think,
not what to think, and when they emerge as
Army officers, they will be soldier scholars,
critical thinkers, and creative problem
solvers prepared for the extraordinary
responsibility faced by leaders of character in
service to our nation. For more than two centuries,
the United States Military Academy at West
Point has developed leaders of character,
inspired to serve, providing an education rich in
military excellence, steeped in tradition,
and strengthened by moral, ethical principles. This is not just the
Army's academy, it's America's academy. A place that embodies the
time-honored values of our nation. This is the United
States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. On the banks of the
Severn River and Chesapeake Bay, midshipmen
earn a college degree and a commission as an
ensign in the US Navy, or a second lieutenant in
the US Marine Corps. The Naval Academy
emphasizes academics, physical training, leadership,
and character to develop students from
around the country to be leaders for our nation. Attending college in an
environment of proud naval history and tradition,
balanced with cutting-edge technology, makes
the Naval Academy a truly unsurpassed experience. Our students choose
form 24 majors in three concentrations:
humanities and social sciences, math
and sciences, and engineering and weapons. The Naval Academy is
routinely ranked as one of the best engineering
schools in the country, and all of our students earn a
Bachelor of Science degree upon graduation. Outside the classroom, every
midshipmen is an athlete, competing in varsity,
club, or intramural sports. The Naval Academy is the
third largest NCAA athletic program in the country,
with over 30 Division One sports available. More than 120
extracurricular activities are available to
accommodate a variety of personal interests, from
musical ensembles and service organizations,
to academic and cultural clubs, to
adventure activities like skydiving, scuba diving,
and mountain climbing. Midshipmen live in one of
the largest single dormitories in the world,
Bancroft Hall. Living and operating in units of
about 150 students known as companies,
midshipmen develop a tight bond with their fellow shipmates that lasts a lifetime. Midshipmen dine in King Hall,
which feeds family style meals to the
entire student body of over 4,000 students in
one single setting. Directly outside the
main gate of the Naval Academy lied the
city of Annapolis, the bustling state
capitol of Maryland. This exciting and energetic
sailing city is full of unique restaurants,
musical venues, and shops for students to enjoy. From this exceptional
educational environment in Annapolis, graduates of
the Naval Academy go on to serve as surface
warfare officers, submariners, pilots, special
warfare operators, and Marines in exciting
locations such as San Diego, Seattle, the Atlantic
coast of Virginia, North Carolina, and Florida,
as well as Hawaii, Japan, Italy, and numerous
exciting locations around the globe. No matter where in the
world they end up, officers from the Naval
Academy apply the lessons learned in the past to
shape the future of the US Navy and Marine Corps. If you want an excellent
education followed by an exciting and rewarding
career leading sailors and Marines, consider
the United States Naval Academy, where we
produce leaders to serve the nation. The United States Coast Guard
Academy is located approximately halfway
between New York and