- [Interviewer] What makes you, "you"? - What makes me, "me"? I'm Lauren Underwood. - [Female Reporter] Lauren Underwood. - [Female Reporter] Lauren Underwood. - [Female Reporter] Lauren Underwood. - [Male Reporter] Lauren Underwood - I grew up here. It was the lessons that
I learned in this place here in the 14th district that
really gave me the courage to act and to do the right thing. I care deeply about the
people in this community. I had finished up my service
in the Obama administration, came back home, got a job. I was working for this Medicaid
Managed Care Plan downtown and just happened to go to a town hall. One of the things Congressman
Hultgren talked about was healthcare, which is
obviously so important to me because I have a preexisting
condition, I'm a nurse, I worked on the Affordable Care Act. And so, you know, this is
during a time in our country where the Congress was considering many different versions
of Obamacare repeal. He said that he was only
going to support a version of repeal that let people
with pre-existing conditions keep their healthcare coverage. I was really upset two
weeks later when he voted for the American Healthcare
Act, which is the version of repeal that did the opposite. And I decided, you know what? It's on, I'm running. (upbeat music) - Lauren Underwood. She's running for a
congressional seat in Illinois. - I was all in from the very beginning. - I'm here supporting Lauren Underwood. She's going to make it happen for us. - I always knew that we could win. Like this is not something you do for fun. They called our race
very, very, very late. I actually won while
I was in the elevator. So I found out when I
got out the elevator. - [Female reporter] Lauren
Underwood is declared the winner. (upbeat music) - [Female reporter] Heavy
snowflakes didn't stop hundreds from coming out to Nico Valley
High School this morning as they were eager to
witness Congresswoman Lauren Underwood's ceremonial
swearing in celebration. - One, one, one, eight, we did it! Oh my gosh, this is the
office, it's so nice! - Lauren Underwood and
Sean Casten will launch their political careers tomorrow during the swearing in ceremonies. It all comes during this
partial government shutdown. It's going to demand
their immediate attention. - As soon as you win,
you're just making a series of decisions that influence your ability to be an effective member of Congress. My first day in Congress, I
had passed some provisions out of the house, so made some
suggestions and they ended up in the rules package. I got to Congress, I was a reformer and I was effective on day one. Quick successions, so many bills. The universal background checks bill. Well, we voted on that the week after the Henry Pratt shooting. My Veterans Care Quality Transparency Act signed into law in October. - She wrote a bill that got
signed by President Trump to help with the cost of insulin. - Black women are three to
four times more likely to die as a result of childbirth
in the United States. A statistic that has remained unchanged for the last 30 years. Working with Alma Adams and we started the Black Maternal Health Caucus which is something that was
personally very important to me. We're still in an uncertain
time in our country. COVID-19 is impacting so
many of our communities but I have some really
good news in healthcare. The Congress just passed my
Healthcare Affordability Act which is a piece of legislation
that makes premium prices more affordable for everyday families. I'm so excited to be welcoming
Senator Elizabeth Warren to discuss our new bill to protect maternal
health during COVID-19. The $75 billion that we will pass today and money for health
systems and providers will allow them to purchase these
additional critical PPE items. (cinematic music) My responsibility is to
represent the 720,000 people in Northern Illinois who have
put their confidence in me to represent their voices in the Congress. I hope that they can feel
that sincere affection in the work that I do. Everything that I do in
Washington is designed to serve the people of the 14th. Most days in Washington,
I'm meeting with people from the 14th, there are people
from the 14th on my staff. They call us on the phone
or I'm calling them. - She responded directly
to my email within a day. When it came time when
I got laid off of work during the time of the first stimulus. - I'm just looking forward
to continuing to lead. I'm very excited about this second term. (upbeat music) I'm Lauren Underwood, and
I approve this message. (upbeat music) - Having Lauren to look
up to these past few years has had a profound impact on my life. - So you're a unicorn? I love it! To me, like the work that you all do, that is crucial. - She is an aggressive earthshaker. - We're big supporters
of Lauren Underwood. We're so proud that
she's here to represent the State of Illinois. - She is working all the time and getting bills passed
unlike anybody else. - There are so many supporters who have engaged in our campaign built this campaign up
and allowed us to grow. And I am so grateful for all that you do.