- Female candidates for
office are featured on Time's latest cover. The magazine calls them, The Avengers. Joining me now is Lauren Underwood. She is running for a
congressional seat in Illinois against Republican
incumbent Randy Hultgren. Thank you so much for joining me. Really appreciate it. - Thank you, Kristen. - So Lauren, I have to ask,
what made you want to run? Was it the election of President Trump? Was is the march that;
marches all across the country that happened last year, a year ago? What was it? - So, I absolutely joined
the millions of women marching last year in Washington. But I was spurred to run
after our Congressman had one public event last year. It was a Town Hall, in
which he promised to vote against the version of a
health care repeal if it took away the opportunity
for folks who had preexisting conditions, and
different health conditions to be able to have coverage. And so, this is really
important to me because I'm a registered nurse,
and I know how critical health care is for so many populations. And then, I have worked at the US Department of Health and Human Services for a number of years,
and worked to implement the Affordable Care Act. And so, I've read the law
and know that it works. And finally, I'm an American
with a heart condition, and so it's one of those
conditions, diagnosis where, you know, if these repealed
bills went through, I wouldn't be able to
get health care coverage. So, his stance on that health
law was critical for me, and so he did not, he did
not present his intentions accurately, and he actually
voted for the repeal bill. And so, after he did that,
I questioned his integrity, and knew I had to jump into the race. - And it sounds like that is
your big issue, health care. So as you watch these debates
go on in Washington right now, around health care taxes,
but also around DACA, are you concerned? Democrats have really
dug in their heals on the issue of immigration. Are you concerned that
they're gonna be blamed for this shutdown, and
that that could impact the chances of someone like you? - Oh, I'm not concerned at all. I stand firmly with the
Dreamers, and understand that we need to stand for
something in this time. And so, the American people
are with us on immigration, they're with us on the
tax plan, they're with us on health care. And so, the Republicans are
really on the losing side of these arguments, and
I believe that we need a functional government
right now, today, and they need to find a deal. - Lauren, do you think it's
worth shutting the government down over the issue of DACA? - So, I lived through
the government shutdown as a federal employee, and it is horrible. We should never get to
this point where the (interference) and the president cannot
do their core function, which is to keep the
government operational on behalf of the American people. So, it's time to step forward, it's time to sacrifice, it's time to govern. And, if they can't do it,
it's time for the American people to elect a new
Congress that's willing to do the work. - All right, Lauren Underwood. Thank you so much for joining me. Really appreciate it.
- Thank...