- Democrat Abigail Spanberger is a former CIA officer
challenging Congressman Dave Brat in Virginia's 7th District. Democrat Gina Ortiz Jones
is an Iraq War veteran challenging Congressman Will
Hurd in Texas's 23rd District. And Democrat Lauren Underwood
is a registered nurse and former senior advisor at the Department of
Health and Human Services challenging Congressman Randy Hultgren in Illinois's 14th District. All of those incumbents
are Republican men. So, ladies, for joining us. Let's start with Abigail. What issue are you running on? - So I'm running on the issues of, the issues that are most important to the people in my district. And when I've traversed our
district from top to bottom, the number one issue that
people are talking about is really healthcare. And that's the priority issue
that we're talking about along the campaign trail, in addition to jobs and education, issues of national security,
but across the board, the thing that troubles
our constituents most is really the future of
our healthcare system. - [Katy] And what do you want
to see changed in Congress? In regards to healthcare? - In regards to healthcare, I
want people to have certainty. And constituents within
our district want certainty around the costs of
their healthcare premiums and their copays and what
programs and insurance carriers they will be able to use into the future. But even more than that, what
I want to see in Washington, what I'd like to bring to Washington, is leadership that listens to
the people in their districts and provides representation
to the constituents back home. And so that's one of the
reasons why I'm running, because I feel that our district needs better representation. - Gina, how about you? - I'm similarly running on healthcare. I mean, when I talked to
people all across the district whether in San Antonio, Del Rio, Socorro, it's not lost on folks
that this Republican voted for a tax plan that would cut Medicare by $25 billion, right? I mean, the fact that if
you have a baby in Texas, you're five times more likely to die during that process as a woman, than if you had that
same kid in California. So we're a state that is well-resourced. We'd be the 10th largest
economy in the world if we were a country, and to have these healthcare
statistics in our state is embarrassing. So I'm running on
healthcare to ensure that everyone has access to
quality, affordable healthcare. But I must also--
- Can you commit though to working across the aisle,
making it a bipartisan issue rather than one party votes
for one piece of legislation and the other party votes for another, undoing it when they get back into office? - Oh, of course. I mean, I think healthcare
should be a non-partisan issue, right? Frankly, the only incentive
when we talk about the health of our country
should be our country's health. It should not be profit. Frankly, the last segment also
reminded all of us, though, of why we need representation in Congress. I mean, for you to lay
out a number of facts on national security and
for that representative to make this comparison
to men are from Mars, and women are from Venus, that exactly shows how the
conversation is distorted and, and frankly deficient in understanding the real issues and how they consider the
perspectives of women on this. - Lauren, how about you?
What are you running on? - So healthcare has been a
major issue on our campaign. I'm a registered nurse,
and I've spent my career working to provide healthcare coverage for populations around our country and so voters come to me and they say, "What can we do to make
healthcare more affordable? "How can we ensure that we have a range "of mental healthcare coverage
to combat our opioid crisis? "And how can we really
stabilize the marketplace?" In our district, we have 37,000 people who currently are insured through the Obamacare marketplaces. And so they're looking for some stability, like Abigail mentioned, but also to make sure that it's affordable for middle-class families. - Any legislation that's
already been proposed that you would consider signing
on to, if you were elected? - Oh, certainly. I believe that we have had
a variety of very focused, targeted legislation that's
looking at making sure that Americans have a better deal, and making sure that health
coverage, in particular, is affordable for years to come. - Ladies, thank you very
much for joining us. Again, it is all about the issues, not necessarily about who has what. We appreciate your time. Good luck out there. Abigail Spanberger, Gina Ortiz Jones.