(audience applauds) - I also want to say
thank you for running, because it's not easy
to run for any office, let alone something like this. So thank you all for stepping up, and doing the right thing, and being engaged, and fighting the good fight. And next we have Lauren Underwood. - Thanks, Kristina. Good evening, everyone, my
name is Lauren Underwood. I'm also running for Congress
here in the 14th district. I'm a registered nurse from Naperville. And like many of you, after the election in 2016, I was stunned to see that
Donald Trump had won. At that time, I was an appointee
in the Obama administration was working in public health
emergencies and disasters, and knew that I could
not stay in government and sort of help the Trump team take away healthcare coverage
from millions of Americans. And so I knew I needed to come back home, and continue the work of
expanding access to care for so many people. And so when got... I stayed until the
administration's very end, the last day, it was so sad, very awful. And when I moved back home, I started working for a
Medicaid managed care plan in Chicago. And via talking to people, I started hearing that
the party was looking for someone to run against Randy Hultgren. And I was so excited to hear this, that the Democratic Party
was paying attention to what I knew to be true. Was that there's Democrats here, we're engaged, we're involved and that we have had a
terrible representative for a number of years. And so like, I suspect,
many of you in this room, I attended a town hall at the
Arcata Theater last spring in Saint Charles, where Mr Hultgren held his
one and only public event. And at that town hall he
addressed a number of issues, but the one that I was
most interested in hearing from him on was Healthcare. And he promised, at that event, that he was not going to vote for a version of
Affordable Care Act Repeal that made it more difficult for folks with pre-existing conditions to be able to afford healthcare coverage. Now that's important to
me 'cause, obviously, as a nurse I know that healthcare coverage is critical for people
with chronic illnesses who might need to have their medication or be able to get procedures. It's important to me because
I had worked to implement the Affordable Care act
as a federal employee at the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, but it's also really important to me because, like many Americans, I have an illness, a
pre-existing condition myself. It's a heart condition, and while it's well controlled it's one of those diagnoses where I wouldn't necessarily
be able to get coverage under a repeal scenario. So, he made that promise before our entire
community, I believed him, and then a week to ten days later he went and voted for that
American Healthcare Act that did the opposite of his promise, and I got angry. And it wasn't because of the vote, it was because he didn't
have the integrity to be honest with us the one time he was planning
to stand for our community. And that's not what a
representative is supposed to do. And so, I decided, in that moment, it's on. I am running. And so I launched the campaign in August, here we are, the last week of January, less than 50 days from
our primary election where we have the
opportunity to send forward a nominee to challenge Randy Hultgren. Again, Lauren Underwood. So glad to be here with you. Thank you to the Kendall County
Dems for organizing this. (applause) - So one of the first
things I know that we asked in our county is whenever a county candidate comes up is what are you doing to be prepared should you actually gain that office? And I think that's a question
I'm gonna start off with here on this panel. Is what are you doing to be prepared should you be so fortunate
enough to go to Washington D.C and represent the 14th
Congressional District? Things like, in addition not only what
are you doing to prepare, like are you watching CNN? Are you reading the transcripts? But also, what committees
are you interested in possibly serving on? And the third part of that is, what will be your first piece
of original legislation? (applause) - So, as I think about going to Congress, I think about the core
functions and duties of a representative. Which is to be accountable, assessable and transparent. So, I've been running my campaign to try and achieve those objectives. And we're running a people driven, people powered campaign. And it's really powered by the
people of the 14th district. And so I think that
that's really critical. When I think about another
way to be effective as your member of Congress, it's based on relationships. And so we've been building relationships with most in every part of our district. And hopefully, you know, those relationships will yield dividends once we get to Washington. When I think about committees, healthcare is something
that is incredibly broken in our country, and I believe deeply that
we need a nurse at the table while we are making the decisions to fix our healthcare system. There are three committees in the Congress that have jurisdiction over
healthcare in the House. Three committees. There's Ways and Means,
there's Energy and Commerce, and there's Education in the Workforce. And I would be honored to have a place on any of those committees. And, you know, I would
submit my name forward and hopefully be assigned
to a subcommittee and help on any of the three. And then finally, when I think about early
pieces of legislation to offer and send forward, I think we are more than overdue for some movement and some
action on three basic, economic policies that would
offer tremendous security for families here in northern Illinois. Those are things like
affordable childcare, paid family leave, and equal pay. These are three non-partisan
economic security policies that have gotten no
movement in the Congress because we don't have representatives and we don't have leaders in the House that are willing to expend
their political capital to see that through. It's time for that to change, and the women, particularly, in our community would benefit greatly. Thank you. (applause) - As Democrats, we're all
Democrats in the room, regardless of what prefix
you want to call yourself, at the end of the day we're all Democrats. I'm assuming that you are all familiar with the party platform
that we just passed in 2016, and you align yourselves
with most of that platform, if not all. Is there anything in particular
that you don't agree with? - So, I'm a Democrat. I often get asked, so Lauren are you a Progressive, are you a Centrist, and my answer every time
is that I'm a Democrat, and I think that being a
Democrat means something. I struggle with sort of, the premise of the question, to be honest, because I believe that as Democrats we need to stand for certain things. We need to stand for choice. We need to stand for public education We need to stand for
healthcare as a human right. Those are just basic things
that we all should believe as Democrats, in my opinion. And so, That's how I find myself, that's what I believe in, and I can't necessarily call
out any particular thing that I would want to walk
away from on our platform. Thank you. (applause) - Okay, so our next question is, this is one that was
prepared by the county... So in your travels, assuming that everybody's
out knocking doors, making phone calls, going to meetings like this... What are you hearing most from
your potential constituents as the biggest problem
that they're facing. (clapping) - So, I get a lot of healthcare questions, every day, and the core question that
I get is what can we do to make healthcare more
affordable for families? How can we lower the prices
of prescription drugs? Do we have the courage to really go to the pharmaceutical companies and attempt drug price negotiations? Do we have the courage to challenge them? And do we have the courage to fight on behalf of Families and our area? I get questions on how can
we lower premium prices so that if we have health care coverage we can afford to use it? So, this issue of affordability is something that I think is
going to be really critical to get some movement on. I think that Washington, and particularly Randy Hultgren, has been so narrowly
focused on just repealing and not solutions-oriented on the issues that are going to impact the livelihood, the pocket books, the
families across our district. And so, they've really
missed an opportunity, I think this year, to really help us. They've missed that
opportunity with a tax plan that does not help us, and in fact, it only just further destabilizes
our healthcare system. Right? You all know that in that tax plan
there was a provision that removed that individual mandate, so when it goes into effect in 2019 we're gonna be in a world of hurt. That's not a provision that
helps families afford coverage, it's not something that helps families lower their tax burden, it's not a policy that helps
families in the slightest. And, I hear a lot every
day about affordability and healthcare coverage. Making sure everybody can
get the care that they need, and being able to afford
prescription drugs. I think we need to really hone in, and then focus on those policy issues. And stop with all this divisiveness, and just trying to implode
and destroy programs. It doesn't work well. Thank you. (applause) - You know, questions from
kids are always the hardest. (laughter) So this is Blake's question. Hi, Blake. - How do you feel about money
for autistic kids at schools? Hi, my name is Blake. I am eight years old. I live in Plano, and I am autistic. - Thank you, very brave. (applause) - So, Blake thank you for that question. You were so brave to stand up and ask it, And so many of us don't, either, have the courage to ask the questions that are so close to our
hearts and to our lives, or sometimes we don't have the chance. And so you took the chance, and your mom did too, and so
thank you for asking, first. I think it's really important, very important, to properly fund our
public education system. It's critical, not just
for kids like Blake, but for all of our kids. And so, all of our schools need to have the funds and the resources that they
need so that all of our students can learn in the best
way that works for them. And so if that means that we need additional
resource educators, or they need some special
one-on-one attention, or a full special-ed program each school district needs
to have the resources in order to do that. And right now, in our system,
that is just not the case. We have so much inequality school system to school system because of the way public
education is funded. At the federal level, the federal government
has actually been such a really wonderful partner
for our schools in Illinois because the state has had this inconsistent budget situation. And inconsistent as being generous, right? Because her kids are being used as pawns. And so school districts have
relied on the federal funds probably more than ever before. I think that there's a lot
more that we can be doing to invest in public schools, not restrict funding for public schools which is what you will hear
coming from our congressmen. Is the need to restrict
funding for public schools. Now the question was about
autism and education. And, for me, that can be special-ed, but it doesn't have to
be special-ed, right? Because there is a spectrum. And so, some kids are in
the mainstream classrooms, but may need additional help, maybe from that reading, or resource teacher, or whomever. And we need to be sure that
that flexibility exists in each of our programs so that each child gets the education so that they can have the most healthy, well, productive lives. So thanks Blake for raising it. Appreciate it. (applause) - Okay, so moving on. So there was a question that was prepared by the Kendall County Dems, and the issue is on gun control, or sensible gun safety, is the way I would put it. We've had... We certainly hear out... Even out in the hinterlands... We'll hear about the
situations that occur. It seems to be clearly in schools lately. And the question is specifically
in the wake of Las Vegas and other shootings. What is your vision for
a sensible gun safety? And I'll start with Lauren. - So, it's January 2018, and in the headlines, literally every other day this month there has been another mass shooting. What has our country done? We've barely blinked. We've barely blinked, and that to me is unacceptable. We have seen horrendous acts of violence. Horrendous. The Las Vegas shooting, the Las Vegas massacre, Orlando the pulse nightclub shooting, Sandy Hook, and on, and on, and on. I remember, I was in seventh
grade when Columbine happened. And I remember thinking, there's no way this
could ever happen again. How devastating? How awful? And here we are. I think it's time, more than time, that we elect leaders
who are courageous enough to pursue action. It's not enough to have
thoughts and prayers after every shooting, and barely blink, and
go on with our lives. I mean, we are far past that. The time is now to act. And so, I am for common
sense gun legislation that seeks to reduce gun violence. I will say that again. Common sense gun legislation that seeks to reduce gun violence. Period. I don't want to infringe on anybody's 2nd amendment rights. But this epidemic that we have in terms of gun violence and
gun deaths in this country is unacceptable. So, I think that we need to absolutely have
universal background checks. Universal. Meaning if it's a private
sale we need to have a record, and that person should have
a background check done. If someone has a restraining order because they have a dating relationship, not just marriage, that should be cause for denial
of the con license, right? We have all these loopholes in our system. I think we need to ban these bump stocks, and I think we need to did
not is a concealed carry. There's so much work to
do, it's time for action. Thank you. (applause) - So, it's... I'm sure it's no big surprise
that there was a march in Chicago, I can't remember now the
days are bleeding together was it only a week ago? A week ago, two weeks ago? Something like that? And I believe, in the United States over
4 million people marched in various events on that day. The largest (clapping) Thank you. (applause) It was the largest protest movement, or experience that the United
States has seen so far. That being said, if we look across this table there is a gender issue here that is being asked. In the light on the movement, and if the future is female, how you fit in coupled with... I think the question... Will provide us with
the question of choice, as well as Me Too. So this is a big chunk, but I think it's important to ask. (applause) - So, I'm going to be
real honest with you. I have way more than two minutes worth to say on all of the topics. Okay
(laughter) Which is probably not a shock, but here we go. I'm Lauren Underwood, I'm a 31 year old, black
woman running for Congress. So all three of these issues
are deeply personal to me. Deeply personal. So out the gate, I believe that women have
an unrestricted right to the full range of
reproductive healthcare services. Unrestricted. And that we need to be fighting every day to preserve that right. And it will be a fight
it is currently a fight. And this is not something that
we can just standby because our rights are being attacked and you can look at neighboring states and see what's going on. Down in Missouri, Indiana, I mean... It's unacceptable. We need to be electing leaders
to our federal government, to Congress, that will
fight for that right. Number two, Me Too. I want to talk about Me Too
specifically for Congress. One of the things that
I'm really excited about with this Me Too act that was proposed is the protections that
it extends to interns, fellows, and pages. Because I think that a lot of
the color that gets overlooked with sexual abuse, assault, and harassment is the level of power
and the level of class. And what happens in Congress is that those folks who
are on staff, but unpaid, and don't have any other recourse, but to take it if they
want to keep their job, that's what's really unacceptable. As elected officials, we need to be held to a higher standard. A higher standard. And that is not currently the
case right now with Congress. And so, I look forward to
seeing that legislation pass, and that those protections be extended to all members of staff. On our campaign, we have
a zero tolerance policy. It's written in writing,
it's given to all employees and really volunteers in our campaign. And that's the way it should be in every company, in Congress, and across our country. Thank you. (applause) - One last round. So the winner of this primary is going to be facing Mr. Hultgren. And right now we all have
a choice between all of you and one person who's not here. So what makes you different, and what makes you the person
that can beat Randy Hultgren? (applause) - So this is a serious job, for a serious leader. And my name is Lauren Underwood, I'm a serious candidate
running a real campaign to become your Congresswoman. I am the only person running
in the Democratic primary with federal experience. The only candidate who has
worked on Capitol Hill. The only candidate who is
ready to go to Washington on day one and be your representative. And that's important because this job that I'm applying for, that I'm speaking with all of you about, and running this campaign, it's to unseat a member of Congress who's been in office since 2011. I understand that. And so, in offering my experience
and my qualifications, I want to be real clear that I bring the background
and skill set to do the job. I think it's really important to also look at the
support that I've built and really gained in the community. We've been out talking to folks, knocking doors, having conversations and house parties, including ones that are coming
up in this very community. And we've been embraced
by local activists. We've gotten endorsements
from local groups, and national groups like Emily's List. They are standing with our campaign. The wave... You know, there's this idea that there is this democratic
wave on the horizon. Right? And that we are just gonna
be swept up in the wave, and a Democrats gonna
win out of this primary. Waves don't just happen. We, in this room, have to do the work to make it happen. And so, we need to have a
candidate that will join you in doing the work in our community to make sure that we
can beat Mr. Hultgren. And finally, I just want to say, I've been so honored to be included in a group of women this year, they call us the Avengers. We're the women that marched
in the Women's March, and then launched our campaigns. The Avengers are out
here in every community, There's Avengers in this room. I'm so honored and glad to
join you all this evening. My name is Lauren Underwood. I appreciate your support. Thank you. (applause)