Hi Senator Mark Warner here and I wanted to give you an update on the coronavirus. Obviously in Virginia, we're over
50 cases and those numbers are going to go up dramatically as more and more
people get tested. I think it's really important that everyone listen to the
health care professionals. If you can telework, telework. If you can have to be
with folks, try to maintain social distancing. That means stay six feet
apart. Do remember the good basic social hygiene of washing your hands, not
touching your face... Just doing the kind of smart things your mom used to tell
you to do whenever it was in flu season. It is important that we realize this is
a pandemic that will ravage many, many parts of our country before it's in the
rearview mirror. We will get through it and let me tell you a little bit about
what we're doing here in Congress. First we've already passed legislation to make
sure that we get assistance out to public health workers to try to make
sure we get more of these tests out. Believe you me the challenge around the
tests... after this is over we need to find out why America was so far behind the
rest of the world. But in the meantime tests are getting out. I'm glad the
governor's allowed tests to be used through some of the private testing
organizations, not just through the public testing component. So, some
progress there. Over the next day or so we'll see another package of assistance
from Congress that will make sure that kids who are missing their lunches and
breakfasts from school lunch and breakfast programs get the food they
need. We're working on trying to make sure those folks who are on
Medicaid have the appropriate assistance. We're trying to expand unemployment
benefits. And I believe we need to expand it so that even if you're not formally
laid off,  you're able to obtain unemployment benefits. This is a
so-called disaster unemployment program and it needs to be included and expanded. At the end of the day, we need to make sure that no one loses their job, loses pay, or
doesn't have the flexibility to take care of their kids at home if
they're home because the schools have been closed. We've got more work to do,.
Frankly, the Republican leadership who had the Senate going to
recess last Friday... we should have stayed here and done our jobs. I think we could
have been further along. But we will get this immediate package out. That
assistance will come out, and then we're going to be needing to work on a
third-level package as particularly the economic effects start to hit all
various parts of our economy. One of the things we do need to make sure and make clear... if there's going to be assistance to individual industries such as the
airlines or hotels or others, we need to make sure that the federal dollars that
go forward are for the most part all passed through to the workers.
Our focus has been and must be those workers who are most affected either
through downturn in their business, all our restaurants or hotels or airlines... or
those individuals who by medical necessity or by government decree have
to quarantine, that's where we need to focus. That's what I'll keep working on.
Again let's all stay safe. We will get through this, and I believe come out
stronger on the other side.