Hi, Senator Mark Warner here again day 10 of the impeachment trial. Although I don't know about you, but for me most of these days are starting to blur into each other. Last night we finished the
question period. I thought some good points were made on both sides. Again I'm still a little stunned that the President's lawyers basically said it's
okay to take foreign election interference, as long as it comes from quote-unquote
credible information. That frankly blew me away, and is so counter to
everything that the law-enforcement community and the intelligence
communities are working on. I really think that makes our elections much more vulnerable this year. Now as we go into the final arguments about
whether we take witnesses or not, and frankly, the betting is that unfortunately
we're probably not going to get enough of my Republican colleagues to
vote for witnesses. But I again in good faith just don't understand how that's a
defensible position. We heard about two hours ago more breaking news from the John Bolton book that indicates that the President, the president's lawyer, including Giuliani, including Bolton were
all talking about this Ukrainian interference... for political help
to smear the Biden's... or to bring about this old debunked campaign that it was
Ukraine rather than Russia and 2016...that they were having conversations in May of
last year. I want to get with my Republican colleagues. I just got to ask them how stupid, how crazy—I know I've raised this before—are we all
going to look if this book comes out in 60 days that has a whole lot of other
relevant information? I mean one of the things that supposedly was in the Bolton
book, as well, was some of the President's conversations and his approach to other
authoritarian leaders like Turkey. What happens if there were similar schemes
being cooked up with other leaders? You the public will find that out in 60 days.
Shouldn't the United States Senate find that out before we reach final judgment
on what is obviously an extraordinarily important decision? A couple more hours and then we'll probably take this vote. On the optimistic side
I'd love to think that maybe some of these new facts will change some folks
minds. If not we'll take a vote, and it may end up being no additional witnesses, which I think would be a real shame. There's still a lot of questions about
what the next steps are. There's some ideas floating that we may go into a
couple days off and then have final arguments next week. But this is very
much a moving target I appreciate everybody who's followed these updates.
Again whether you're for the President or against the President I think most of
us regardless of where we are in the political line would say
we're at least were for the truth. I've heard from a lot of supporters
of the President you know that want me to vote a certain way, but they
at least want to hear the whole truth. They want to hear from Bolton. They want
to hear from Mulvaney. I hope those folks would continue to call not
just me, but other senators as well. As we wind down I think everybody's a little punch-drunk. One of the things I will give final
comment is both to the House managers and to the President's lawyers.
Although I got fairly upset with a couple of them the other night I got to
give them credit you know it's been a long 10 days for me... it's been
exponentially longer for them. And for the most part they've continued to argue
their cases articulately. So stay tuned if if we get some more breaking news I
may try to come back and get a second half of day ten update. But very
much appreciate everybody's following a interest. More to come thanks so much