Madame President,  I rise today to oppose the nomination of William Barr to be Attorney General, A nomination that the Senate will be taking up later today. I have a number of concerns about the nominee on policy grounds. I echo what my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee have said about Mr. Barr's troubling record on important issues affecting with Americans' Constitutional freedoms. He advocated for harsh mandatory minimum sentences, as well as the President's Muslim ban. I have serious concerns about his past statements
will LGBTQ equality and the role of government in women's reproductive health care. As one telling example, he testified in his
1991 confirmation hearing that Roe v. Wade was wrongly decided and should be overruled. On all of these issues this nominee, I believe,
is out of step with the views of the vast majority of the American public. But for me this nomination and my objection
to this nomination is not simply an objection based on policy grounds, nor is it a question
of Mr. Barr's experience as a former attorney general, Mr. Barr has long been well respected within
the legal community. But, frankly, the nominee for our nation's
highest law enforcement position must be measured by more than his resume. Instead, for me, particularly at this moment
in time, this is a question of Mr. Barr's fidelity to our Constitution. I find Mr. Barr's actions in the months leading
up to his nomination to be deeply disturbing, and as a result, I have serious doubts about
this nominee's Independence and willingness to stand up for rule of law. Last June Mr. Barr wrote a secret, unsolicited
memo attacking Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into potential obstruction of
justice by the President. Mr. Barr then took this unsolicited memo and
passed it on to administration officials. We all know what happened afterwords. In November President Donald Trump fired Attorney
General Jeff Sessions after months of public abuse over Attorney General Sessions' unwillingness
to rein in or kneecap the Mueller investigation. For a temporary replacement, he chose Matt
Whitaker, whose qualification to be acting Attorney General appears to be an op-ed he
wrote decrying the scope of the Mueller probe. It has become again clear, and we heard it
in some of the president's comments last night in El Paso, that the president's major concern
in choosing a new attorney general will be to choose someone who will shield him from
the special counsel's investigation. And, to me, Mr. Barr's unsolicited memo looks
much like a job application to try to appeal to the president on those qualifications. The President has reportedly dangled the possibility
of pardoning potential witnesses in the special counsel's investigation. Now, in Mr. Barr the president has a nominee
who has been outspoken about his expansive views of the appropriate use of pardon powers. Let's be very clear. Any attempt by this president to pardon himself,
his family, or key witnesses in the Mueller or the Southern District of New York's investigations
would represent an abuse of power that would require a response by Congress. Special counsel Mueller's investigation, as
we already have seen from the record, has led to numerous indictments and convictions,
convictions that even include the President's own campaign chairman from the 2016 campaign. We must make sure, although we have no idea
when the Mueller investigation will finish, we must make sure that the Mueller investigation
remains free from political interference until it gets to the truth, and then we need to
ensure that its findings must be released to Congress and the American public. Under our constitutional system no one is
above the law, not even the president. We need an Attorney General willing to vigorously
defend that principle. Consequently, I will oppose the nomination
of Mr. Barr and encourage my colleagues to consider the same. Thank you,