[WARNER] Thank You Mr. Chairman, Mr. Secretary, good to see you again. I know this is questioning about drug pricing today and I will come by that. But I, like a number of my colleagues, have some questions about the ongoing crisis of the children at the border. The Department of Health and
Human Services has contracted facilities to have thousands of accompanied minors including one in my state in the Shenandoah Valley the juvenile center
near Staunton, VA, where there have been very disturbing reports of abuse
and lawsuits filed as a result of those accusations. I sent the
administration multiple letters on the need for us to get information back, Senator Kaine and I have. My hope would be that we can get those responses. And we would be anxious to know if you'd be able or willing to comment on any of the accusations made about the Center in Staunton. [AZAR] Sure. So without regard to the particular individuals involved, it's important to know that when we get these children
into our care they're immediately evaluated with a mental health and
behavioral evaluation. As there are with any children — with 12,000 children in our
care, 60,000 per year — they're going to be some children who need extra care, some
of which is mental health or may present a risk to themselves or others.
We have contracted with some facilities, including the one you mentioned that
specialize in juvenile care of a special need for those who may be a risk to
themselves or others. Our children are kept separate from the rest of the
juvenile population. It's a separate grant provision. They are
required to fully comply with all state licensure, state laws around medication
etc... We oversee that. The state licensing authorities oversee that. Obviously we
take any allegations very seriously here. We want proper and appropriate care for
these children, so any allegations are quite disturbing. I have seen nothing to
confirm the nature of those allegations, but we will we will certainly respond
out and work with you on that. [WARNER] My hope would be the reports have come up with minors being kept in solitary confinement for 23 to 24 hours, to being
strapped to a chair, to being strapped a chair without any clothing, to have bags
put over their head — all practices that both seem inhumane and worthy of a great deal or review. Now I just wonder that, understanding you may
not be able to speak to the specifics of what happened in Staunton, what level of
training does the ORR put for guards in these type of facilities? If in
fact it shows that these actions took place, I would hope that we would put
training regimes in place that would not sanction such behavior. [AZAR] So again without in any way knowing to be able to confirm the validity of any of those types of allegations, this would be subject to state requirements and
licensure around the care of children in any kind of custodial arrangement, and so
there would be whatever the state whatever the Commonwealth of Virginia's licensure requirements are an oversight there in
addition to ORR oversight, I do not know that we have separate training in
addition to state licensure requirements around the care around the care in those
juvenile detention facilities. I'll be happy to get back to you on that because
I do not know the answer. [WARNER] We have sent a couple of letters. The sooner you
can get me response on those, the better. Let me move to a moment in
area the Senator Whitehouse was already talking about and that is around the
pricing of generic drugs we we saw a great deal of relief 15 years ago but as
use as you've indicated there in generic some of them trying to price right below
the price point or sometimes margins were so thin that companies would not
continue to produce particular older patented drugs and the ability to keep
competition in the generic marketplace is dramatically declined many areas we
may only have one generic what tools has the administration proposed or can you
or see mm I used to try to increase more
genetic generic competition and actually build enough of a market here where
there might actually be in addition to the brand three or four generics to
provide the kind of price competition that we'd need to try bring drug prices
down I absolutely agree with you and certainly if you have any suggestions I
would welcome them we are working the FDA Commissioner is working to ensure
that is we have any product approaching sole-source status as a generic that
we're making clear to the manufacturers that that's a market opportunity making
expedited pathways for generic approval streamlining any processes we have to
get products to market there to compete and bring them in we need to look on the
reimbursement side that's where the request for information is asked for
insight there again any help you can provide ideas open open book I'd love to
sit down with you on that because I do think pricing transparency and again
more knowledge within the marketplace of possible opportunities we can actually
see whether the market will perform or not or whether we need as Senator
Whitehouse and I tend to agree other things to kind of spur this type of
competition Thank You mr. chairman thank you