I'm not a Chickahominy by choice. I didn't have anything at all to say about that. I was born to mom and dad who were Chickahominy Indians. I should not be penalized for
that, and I think I speak for all the folks around this room. There's six tribes have come together working towards federal recognition in Congress.
We started that effort in I think 1999. We introduced our first legislation in
2000, and then of course every session since then, we've reintroduced
legislation. Never actually gone to the Senate floor yet. [President Pro Tempore] The senator from Virginia. [Kaine] Mr. president I rise today on a happy occasion to discuss a House bill.
HR 984 - the Thomasina Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal Recognition
Act. This is a bill with a long history, and we're joined in the chamber by the
Chiefs of six Virginia tribes whose past, present, and certainly future
are connected to this bill. It's a fundamental issue of respect and
fairly acknowledging a historical record and a wonderful story of tribes that are
living, thriving, and surviving, and that are a rich part of our heritage. And this
is a happy day to stand up on their behalf, and with that Mr. President, I
would like to yield to the Senior Senator. [Warner] Mr. President. [President Pro Tempore] The Senator from Virginia. [Warner] Mr. President, let me join my friend and colleague Senator Kaine. We and some of the folks who were in the gallery today we're not sure this day would ever come.
These tribes come in and say: "When will the United States government recognize
their existence, their history, and their legacy?"
Well that wait is finally over. In a moment, I'm going to be asking for
unanimous consent, and the long, long wait will come to an end.
So Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Indian Affairs Committee be
discharged from further consideration of HR 984 and the Senate proceed to its
immediate consideration. [President Pro Tempore] Is there further debate? If not the question is on passage
of the measure. All in favor say 'AYE' [Warner] AYE [President Pro Tempore] Those opposed, NO. The ayes appear to have it. The ayes do have it. The bill is passed.