The Equifax data breach outraged
Americans in the summer of 2017, hackers getting personal data of 143 million people, and the public didn't learn about it until weeks later.
Today the company has faced little in the way of repercussions. Brian Dennis has a
look at how this could impact the future. The Equifax data breach that exposed the
financial information of over one hundred and forty five million Americans
last year was one of the biggest hacks to date. Hackers accessed Social Security
numbers birth dates and in some cases credit card numbers. The breach was not
made public until more than a month after it was discovered. Cybersecurity
experts say that prompted anger and calls for reform. "This was exposing the
most sensitive details your personal information you can't get this back once
it's out there." So what's been done since? Congress held hearings and congressional investigators, along with the Federal Trade Commission, have been looking into it, but so far no enforcement actions have been announced. [WARNER] "The signal it sends to other folks who collect massive amounts of personal data is they can say
'well we don't you know we don't really need to be that secure because the
market or the law is not going to extract anything back from us.' I think
that is crazy policy in 2018." Virginia Senator Mark Warner has proposed
legislation he hopes to introduce during the next session that would better
protect consumers' information in the modern world. [WARNER] "Most of the crime going forward is not going to be somebody going in and robbing a bank. The smart
criminals in 2019 are going to violate kind of penetrate an Equifax or break
into a company's computer and steal that data and then manipulate that data and
use it for fake purchases or sell your personal information on the dark web and
that's how they'll they'll exact their crime rather than kind of the
old-fashioned way." Equifax says since the breach it has spent 275 million dollars
on data security. In a statement to Fox says "Over the past year we
have undertaken a host of security operational and technological
improvements including hardening our data security perimeter to improve
detection and response rates and strengthening
our data security protocols and controls." Experts say there are steps you could
take to protect your information get a copy of your credit report every year.
Look for any unauthorized accounts open or loans taken. You should also consider
freezing your credit which would stop someone from opening an account in your name. In New York, Brian Dennis, Fox News