One of the things we try to do on the
news at 11:00 is give a signal boost to people who need one. Tonight we're
focusing on a family from our area. They're trying to make sure other
families never feel their pain. Last year President Trump signed the Ashanti Alert
Act, named after a young woman who disappeared from a Tidewater area Naval
base. Now the act created a nationwide alert system for missing and endangered
adults between the ages of 18 and 64. Seven months later though the feds still
aren't using that system. Tonight Virginia Senator Mark Warner and Ashanti's parents want answers. They're talking with our investigative reporter
Laura Geller. [LAURA] September 18 2017 Ashanti Billie was abducted from a
Virginia Naval Base. [BRANDY] The Ashanti Alert Act isn't the first time. [LAURA] At 19 she was too old for an Amber Alert and too young for a Silver Alert. [BRANDY] There are the other bills people tried to get pushed for their loved ones before years past for
whatever various reasons nothing came of it. [LAURA] Ashanti was found murdered across state lines in Charlotte, North Carolina. [BRANDY] It could have saved our
daughter. [LAURA] So her parents Meltony  and Brandi Billie lobbied Congress to create
a notification system for adults who might be in danger and fall into that
age gap. Their efforts paid off . The Ashanti Alert was signed into law on New
Year's Eve 2018. [BRANDY] We just want to help save someone else's loved one — their
mother, father, sister, brother, whoever it is. [LARUA] But they tell WUSA9 in reality the loophole has not been fixed because that system is not operational yet. [BRANDY] We're wasting time The Billies believe wasting time in this
case could cost lives. They're known now across the country
becoming a support system of sorts for others whose loved ones go missing. [MELTONY] We get texts and we get phone calls and we get emails like 'I'm in a situation what
do I do?' You can only give them really just words of comfort, you know, but our
desire is to do more. [BRANDY] To know that there's something in place —  a law that can save
this person and maybe bring them home.. It's heartbreaking all over again
because you want to be able to tell that person this is in place; this can help
you, but it hasn't moved for yet. It's not available for you. Virginia Senator Mark
Warner pushed through the legislation. [WARNER] I'm disappointed that Justice Department hasn't gone ahead and implemented this alert. [LAURA] Wednesday morning he followed up with this letter demanding an in-person meeting, saying he hasn't been able to
get appropriate answers. [WARNER] And I'm going to stay on him until the system goes live
and everyone knows if if someone is disappeared or goes missing, there's an
ability for the family then to put them on this alert system so that we can
involve the community in trying to find these disappeared persons. [LAURA] We tried for weeks to get answers from DOJ as well. We asked where does the Ashanti Alert Act
implementation stand? Is there a timeline? And what are the holdups? We finally got
a response. A spokesperson says so far they've identified a program coordinator
and assembled an internal working group, but there is no set timeline for
implementation. [MELTONY] There's not a timeline Are you serious? Are you telling me lives
can continue to come up, missing people can continue...families can continue to
hurt...families can continue to suffer just whenever we feel it's time for them to
stop suffering and we will will do something. [LAURA] Virginia did something quickly. They enacted a state version of the alert, and three months later State
Police sent out the first one. Since then they've sent out a handful more. In half
of the cases the victims were found alive in about 24 hours. All were abductions. The DOJ says it is examining how this new system can be created based on
existing ones. [BRANDY] We don't have to reinvent the wheel. It's already there. [LAURA] In the meantime Brandy and Meltony Billie say this is about so much more than a delay
their daughter's legacy. [MELTONY] Of course it's going to always be about Ashanti, but
it's not going to bring her back. It's our desire to make sure that no one
else has to suffer what we've gone through. [ADAM] It's just absolutely heartbreaking, Laura. We can understand his pain he wants to
see action so badly ,he doesn't want this to happen to anyone else. What is the
next logical step here? [LAURA] He does want action and Senator Warner's trying to
get some. His letter says that he wants a briefing with key people responsible for
the next steps. We don't know though yet if DOJ will do that and when that
meeting would be. And as for the next steps in the criminal case against a man
accused of Ashanti's death, well, the case has not gone to trial yet. There are
concerns about Eric Brown's mental capacity. Right now he is being treated
at a federal facility.