Good morning. It is a real honor for me
to join so many friends on this platform and so many friends in this audience to
commemorate the 400th anniversary of the first African landing. I think as other
speakers have already mentioned this Commemoration challenges us to reject
the simplistic versions of our history and quite honestly confront the
complicated truth. The truth is our Commonwealth is both the birthplace of
representative democracy and of American slavery. Our nation's Constitution
enshrines both the ideals of liberty and justice as well as America's original
sin. Frederick Douglass spoke about this contradiction a few weeks after the Dred
Scott decision. He said that American slavery endured, not because of any paper Constitution, but in the moral blindness the moral blindness of the American
people. Now in today, in this program, , and over this weekend,  as we remember the first landing of enslaved Africans. We come face to face with that moral blindness
that existed not only in 1619 or in 1776 but unfortunately even today. The truth
is our founders' idea of representative democracy did not include, looking at
this audience, most of you are sitting out there today. But
if they knew that the descendants of the people America had enslaved would one
day be free and that they would challenge our nation to finally live up
to our founding ideals well that might give us all a little bit
of comfort. We honor the heroes of that struggle today, as well as the men and
women whose stories are lost to history. We recognize that 1619 also marks the
first chapter in the 400-year story of the African-American history and as Tim
just mentioned that African-American history is absolutely central and
essential to both the history of Virginia and the history of our country. Finally what we do here today is a
recognition that's long overdue. Tim made mention of some of the time
when he was governor...I remember when I was Governor and my youngest daughter
was at that point in second grade was walking around Capitol Square with my
wife.. and Capitol Square is kind of the front yard for any of us who had the
honor to live in the governor's mansion. And as my daughter walked around looking at all these statues and this was not 200 years ago, or 100 years ago...This was not the 20th century...this was 21st century... She looked around and said well 'where is the statue of Rosa Parks?' Well my wife Lisa thought quickly and she said 'well Rosa
Parks not from Virginia.' But in Capitol Square in 2002, the only
memorials the only statues were of dead white men, and the majority of them
Confederates. That's not 1960s. That's not 1770s. That's not 1619
that's 2002. So with Senator Henry Marsh we set about and built the Virginia
Civil Rights Memorial. And when it was unveiled back in 2008, it was a historic
occasion, but it was also fairly bittersweet. The truth is it shouldn't
have taken more than 50 years to honor Barbara John's in Capitol Square. But
it's also equally true that there should have never had to be an occasion where
Barbara John's had to walk out of a dilapidated Morton High School to ask for
equal rights as well in Virginia. It's a reminder that no monument or no
legislation or no court case can erase the stain of slavery. It will never be
that easy. The truth is an American democracy where all men and women are
entitled to equal citizenship is actually a very recent creation. As
others have mentioned as well it was in our Commonwealth
where in places like Prince Edward County, communities shut down their
schools rather than be integrated during massive resistance. Now we have made
progress as a nation but the progress is recent. It is incomplete, and that
progress will only endure as long as all of us remain committed to both defending it and promoting it. Two years ago in a country where we
thought...again in the Commonwealth where we thought we'd made so much progress we saw violent forces of hate and backlash displayed in Charlottesville. This
tragedy had a lot of us asking 'Is this who we are?'
Well that history that confronts us today, It reminds us that the answer is
complicated. But one answer is absolutely true: what happened in Charlottesville is
not who we should be. And I believe all of our leaders...all of our leaders have a
moral responsibility to speak up and demand America deliver on its promise of
liberty and justice for all. That's why this commemoration and the
national conversation it is fostering is so important. If we're going to be a
country that truly lives up to our founding principles, then we need to tell
the whole truth about our history... the good, the bad ,and yes the ugly as well. So as we mark this 400 year commemoration of the first African landing, it is my
hope that this will be a moment to both comfort the afflicted, but also afflict
the comfortable. Thank you so much for letting me be part of this important
ceremony today. Thank you.