Mr. President I want to join my
colleagues from Maryland and my friend, the Senator from Virginia, as well,
to speak out on this manufactured crisis. This president is holding 800,000
federal workers hostage — folks who are going to work, some of them without pay,
others who are furloughed. As has been mentioned, this is not just affecting
federal workers. Senator Kaine and I have been talked to
by a number of contractors, small business owners — a couple of them who are closing their doors this week because they've now gone for weeks without being
paid. You can't put a business back together
after you've closed your doors. So there are the 800,000 federal employees,
the contractors but there are a whole slew of other folks who are already
immediately affected. The complete lack of thought this administration did in
this shutdown..Where they tried to say we're not going to make it seem like a
shutdown, so we're gonna leave the parks open. Now we see destruction going in our parks. We see in our state where Shenandoah National Park has got trash
overfilling. We've got the battlefields where people have also had inappropriate
activities. And we've seen as well a whole slew of businesses that depend
upon a high volume of tourist travel during the holidays. None of that took place. Mr. President I also wonder whether Donald Trump who says this
is about security...well if it's about security, we ought to make sure our Coast Guard is paid. We ought to make sure our TSA agents are paid. We're seeing
dramatic numbers of folks calling in sick, dramatically reducing ability to
maintain security at our airports, where frankly most of our vulnerability on the
border actually takes place. That's going to get exponentially worse after Friday
when these employees go without a paycheck. The fact of the matter is these
workers don't work for Donald Trump. They work for America.And we echoing what my colleagues said, our first order of business ought to be making sure we get
this government reopened. Final point I want to make is this: the
heartlessness of this president and his comments about our federal workforce
that somehow they can manage through without a paycheck somehow they can
negotiate with their landlord if they can't pay the rent. Rather than Donald
Trump putting on a political show tonight on TV and a political trip to
the border tomorrow, I invite the president to come anywhere in Virginia
Maryland or the District and sit down with federal employees and explain this
crisis and why they're not getting paid. So my hope is that — echoing what our Senators from Maryland said — the Senate shouldn't be complicit in this. We need to reopen the government. We want to negotiate on additional border
security...I'm all for it but not holding hostage literally our federal employees
and countless others.