I want to talk to you about the payday
lending rule. Now I think the payday lending rule's purpose is pretty simple,
and I think actually most Americans regardless of side would agree on this:
Lenders should figure out upfront whether a borrower is able to pay back
alone; and to make sure that consumers don't get caught up in this revolving
cycle of debt by folks that don't have the same kind of regulatory oversight
that our traditional lending institutions do. Now you've been in this job a few months - Acting in this job - Did you order the
bureau to engage in a rulemaking process to reconsider the rule on the payday
lending? [Mulvaney] Sorry yes. [Warner] And how would revoking the rule or changing it help consumers,
particularly consumers who are living living paycheck to paycheck? [Mulvaney] Senator I don't automatically conclude that making an indication to revisit the rule assumes that we will be revoking the rule or
even changing the rule. I have the right under the statute to revisit the rules,
which I'm doing but we have not arrived at any preconceived notions of outcomes.
That would violate the Administrative Procedures Act, which we have not done. [Warner] But sir, my understanding is this rulemaking took a number of years. It was
a subject of a great deal of scrutiny. I believe there was industry input as well
as consumer input. I guess I really wonder why in your first few months of
coming into this acting role that this would rise to the top of a priority that
would say we need to relook at the practices of payday lenders, which I
think most folks would agree is a last resort financial tool and
one that was absolutely appropriate for this Bureau to take on. [Mulvaney] Again I think was
appropriate for it to take on although I think you could make the argument that
the statute simply says you have to supervise this industry which may not
may not include regulating different story for another day perhaps. But why
was it at the top of the list? Because it was the last thing the previous
director did on his way out the door. There was a bunch of public criticism as
to or questions as to whether or not it had been rushed. So for a variety of
reasons I thought it was entirely appropriate in my role as acting
director to do that the very first thing. In fact what think it did the first or
second day I was there [Warner] Mr. Mulvaney I think there was a great deal of work
that went, and I think that the previous director took those actions
because of an ongoing need — a need that people on both sides the aisle had
discussed for a long time. I was disappointed you took that as your first
action.