Hey, Senator Mark Warner again on day nine of the impeachment proceedings. Today again we're in the question and answer period. Five-minute answers mostly fluctuating back and forth
between the House managers and the President's counsel. I've got to get back
on the floor so I'm going to be fairly brief today. The most remarkable thing that happened happened last evening, where first of all the President's counsel
Professor Dershowitz literally made the claim that as long as the President was
running for re-election and he thought running for re-election was in the
national interest, as I guess the President would define that, meant
anything the President did was in a sense OK. That argument is absurd on
its face and I even think a lot of my Republican colleagues cringed a little
bit when he made that argument. It was very discouraging to hear because that
would give not just this president but any President carte blanche as long as
they thought whatever they were doing was in the national interest. The second
point that came through from the President's counsel was something that
was just frankly even more offensive. And that was the President's counsel Mr.
Philbin, who up to that point had been I think fairly reasonable, but basically
said that it was okay to have foreign interference, as long as it was "credible information." That somehow the only thing that would be wrong
would be if there was in a sense paid political advertising... somewhat the old
way of the Russians paying with rubles for the ads that they posted in the 2016
campaign. I think the President's counsel's reasoning is totally wrong. I
think it is against our country's national interest. It is against the
activities of the Director of National Intelligence, the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, who are all working their tails off to make sure that our elections are safe and
secure in 2020 from any foreign sources Russian or otherwise. I've been hoping
and I've got questions to ask this afternoon that the
President's counsel would walk back that position. A couple of other folks have
asked questions around that topic. So far they have not moved away from it. That's
extraordinarily serious, dangerous, and quite honestly frightening to me, in
terms of what signal it sends to foreign nations who might want to try to
interfere in the 2020 elections. I'll keep you posted. Hopefully I can maybe
even get back to later today to give a little fuller update, but stay tuned.