The question is 'Do you know about
additional information related to Russia disseminating President Trump's or
Rudolph Giuliani's conspiracy theories? Should the Senate have this information
before we deliberate on the articles of impeachment? Mr. Chief Justice, Senators I think there are three categories of relevant material here. The first you do
have access to, and that is the supplemental testimony of Jennifer
Williams. And I would encourage you all to read it. I think it sheds light very
specifically on the Vice President and what he may or may not know vis a vis
this scheme. So I would encourage you to read that submission. There was a second body of intelligence that the committees have been provided that is relevant to
this trial that you should also read, and we should figure out the mechanism that
would permit you to do so, because it is directly relevant to the issues we are
discussing and pertinent. There is a third category of intelligence which
raises a very different problem, and that is that the intelligence communities are
for the first time refusing to provide to the Intelligence Committees and that
material has been gathered. We know that it exists, but the NSA has been advised
not to provide it. Now the director says that this is the director's decision but
nonetheless, there was a body of intelligence that is relevant to request,
that we have made that is not being provided. And that raises a very
different concern than the one before this body and that is there are now other
agencies like the intelligence community that we require to speak truth to power that we require to provide us the best intelligence, now
also withholding information at the urging of the administration, and that is
I think a deeply concerning and new phenomenon. That problem we've obviously had with other departments that have been part of the wholesale obstruction
but it now is rearing its ugly head with respect to the IC. But the shorter answer
to the question on apart from Jennifer Williams are there other relevant
materials the answer is yes and I would encourage that you and we shold work together to find out how you might access them.