this week again something we haven't seen on the House floor for more than a 164 years joining me now the chair of the House Intel committee Democrat and California congressman Adam Schiff, welcome back to Sunday morning matters and happy New Year to you. >> To you to enjoy your viewers, you know can you put into words what you're witnessing on the House floor we've talked with the congressman valid he put it into words, what is it for you. Well it's a spectacle that the country hasn't seen in more than a 100 years. >> And I'm not sure what to make of It except that the other side is deeply divided. And if they can't even arrived at the most simplest of tasks which is choosing someone to be their leader to some of the be the speaker for the that I shudder to think what the next 2 years are going to look like because you know, let's say that Kevin McCarthy ultimately makes enough concessions to get the support he needs to become speaker he's giving away all the power that office apparently part of this new proposal is that a single member you can call for a vote to unseat the speaker which means that when any of these members decide they don't like what he's doing they can. They can put the country to another several days of these votes. it doesn't bode and it certainly is a sharp contrast to where the Democratic members of Congress. You know completely United behind the for us. >> You know it's well documented you in Valley, congressman Kevin McCarthy really don't see eye to eye. I think I'm being politically correct here a little bit right. >> But should he be in line to become speaker with Republicans now owning majority in the House. >> you know it that depends on who the Republicans want to lead and I think the problem and you're right. I don't have a particular good or a close relationship with the McCartney. I think the problems facing those the same problem I faced with them which is I think its own members don't trust him. And you know without that kind of trust without that confidence without knowing really. What is the person stand for what is the core conviction. What is an ideology. It has to be something more than self and I do think that anyone else saying that they lack of votes that wouldn't be trading with the powers of the office they would step aside side that you know somebody else I guess is going to leave the conference You know it really has to be somebody that can lead and so far we haven't seen that. >> As you know if congressman McCarthy does finally become speaker he has publicly said time and time again that he will strip you of your chair of House Intel committee. What are your thoughts on that as you see what's happening unfold. >> Well, this is one of the many concessions he's had to make. And maybe he's happy to make it but it's a I think a concession to Marjorie Taylor Greene to the leader of the qanon a caucus within the Republican members to get her support and you know it shows. I think he has no interest in the institution. And that he's simply going to do what even the most extreme members of his conference the man. you know frankly, I'm far more concerned about mccarty speakership would mean if we have other contested presidential election because after the last one after the attempted insurrection Democrats still voted to overturn the results of the election. And let's say that the 2024 we have a close allegedly close presidential election. Where there is a an issue over who won not like the last one which really wasn't that close. Again I would fear that McCarthy would do the wrong thing to placate Donald Trump or someone else really to keep his job not fulfill his oath of and vote for the the legitimacy late electors so that to me is predominant concern not what happens. My presence on the intelligence committee. >> You know I want to finish with It's no secret you are interested in taking over senator Feinstein seat you have said that publicly I know you haven't said that a lot lately but you know we've heard she's not made plans as you know to retire before 2024. Do you expect her to retire before that order. You know finisher term and then will you are you really publicly ready to say you want to run to become senator Feinstein's success or. >> You know I think senator has made clear she's going to finish her she hasn't made any public statement about what to do afterwards in terms of whether she runs again and let me just say I am you know enormous respect for the Senate worked closely with her. She is the senior most Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee and and myself share in that House intelligence committee and I have just great admiration for what she's done for the state should she decide that she isn't going to run again I've got a lot of encouragement to do so and it's something I'm giving very serious consideration. >> I got about 30 seconds maybe loaded here, but the January 6 the final report was a criminal referral to the DOJ are you expecting the DOJ to follow through and and even consider that referral. >> Yes, I expect it will certainly give it consideration. I think there doing obviously investigating a lot of these already but I'm you know going to hold them to their commitments which is to follow the evidence wherever it leads and that evidence has led to the former president as well as others and there has to be only one standard for the rule of law the city applied equally to former presidents and ordinary citizens alike. >> Congressman thank you so much for joining me here on Sunday mor