t people when they go on the capital tour. Don't take pictures of this area's Let's bring in Congressman Adam Schiff , who was one of the members of the January 6th. Committee. Congressman Good to have you with us when you see that What goes through your mind? And do you have any evidence that Congressman Loudermilk did anything wrong? What? What goes through my mind is you know I've been through those tunnels I seen I've been through those stairwells. You know, Part of that was the exit route for members of Congress during that attack. Uh and I've never seen people so fascinated were taking photos of stairwells. So it looks very odd to put it mildly . And of course, the same individual comes back the following day During those attacks on the capital, he's marching up to the capital, and you just played some of that audio. Um and what's us, you know, equally baffling in terms of my Republican colleagues, Mr Loudermilk. If you do not giving tourists period, and then he had mitigated the tour, but said it was a family with small Children basically suggested nothing to see here. The video looks very different than what was represented. So we wanted to come in. We'd like to hear his explanation. Perhaps it's an innocent one. But they're they're earlier denials raise some pretty profound questions. Of course, Congressman Loudermilk says that He's already been cleared by U. S. Capitol police. They looked into this. He issued a statement saying that this is just more of the smear campaign reaction to that. And then also has anyone in that group been criminally charged. Um in terms of him saying has been cleared by Capitol police Capitol Police did released correspondence saying they didn't see anything suspicious in the video. Now I don't know what video they were looking at, and I also don't know whether the Capitol police chief who wrote that letter was aware that the person taking those photographs of stairwells Was also it appears one of these people marching up to the capital, expressing violent intent. So uh, I think all of us on the committee or quite baffled at that letter from from the Capitol police And we hope it's not a lack of diligence on the part of the chief, but we were seeking explanations about that, too, in terms of whether anyone has been charged, uh, you know that I can't say, but but clearly they system want to talk to this member of Congress. We have reiterated our request. Uh we're not accusing him of anything, but obviously there are some serious questions He should answer. So there's gonna be another hearing tomorrow that you're going to be a part of We want to play a clip right now of former White House lawyer Eric Hirschmann, recalling a phone call with Trump Adviser John Eastman, and he started. To Ask me about something dealing with Georgia and preserving something potentially for appeal. Ah and. I said to him. Are you out of your f in mind? Now I'm going to give you the best free legal advisor ever getting in your life. Get a great F in criminal defense Lawyer you're going to need it. Then I hung up on him. Hmm So I know we can't get into the specifics, but broadly, What are we looking at tomorrow? What's the focus? And you know, it's interesting about that. That interview Mr Hirschmann was , you might remember one of the most bombastic of Trump's defense attorneys during the impeachment trial, the first impeachment trial. So this is not some Never Trumper who was saying this? This is someone who have you know, uh, essentially a loudly proclaimed the president's innocence before But now he is saying with respect to Eastman the day after that violent attacks still pushing this stuff that, you know, he only wants to hear one thing out of him, and that's why we need an orderly transition. Uh you know, so that's pretty powerful stuff. I think what you're going to hear tomorrow. In hearing focus on the pressure campaign against the vice president is how the most presidents life was put in jeopardy. That of his family as well. There were people chanting Hang my pants! They were motivated, I think by the president's tweets and comments, uh and it just shows the degree to which the President Donald Trump. Notwithstanding four years of loyal service, dutiful, you know , had nothing by the vice president to pretty much everything he wanted to do or say when he at the very end, did his constitutional duty that is the vice president did his duty the president turned on him in a way that that put his life at risk running out of time. I'm going to ask this as a yes or no. There's three more hearings , including tomorrow. Of course , it really comes down to Merrick Garland, the attorney general. If in fact he will prosecute former President Trump . Do you expect that to happen? Yes or No, I don't. I don't know, but our role is not the prosecutorial one. Our role is to expose the facts and prescribed remedies to protect the country going forward, and that's what we were going to do . I hope the turn general was watching. He says that he is and I believe him. I believe there's evidence for him to investigate the former president, just as a federal judge in California said it's likely multiple laws were violated, and I think it's responsibility that progressive . Thank you so much, and we look forward to when you leave the hearings eventuall