president Trump over the insurrection did not want to comment on the anniversary this week. Well joining me now the chair of the House Intel committee January 6 select committee member and California congressman Adam Schiff in Washington, happy New Year congressman welcome back to Sunday morning matters. >> Thank you happy New Year to you. You know Thursday obviously mark the one year since the deadly riot on the Capitol you know I want to get a sense of what it was like standing there a year removed from one of the darkest moments on American soil. >> You offer on that day. Give me a sense of what it was like a year ago versus the one-year anniversary of it. >> Well you're ago I was on the House floor when the insurgents were battering the doors and breaking glass to get in. you know it was a harrowing being told by the police that we need to get out of gas mask we have to get prepared to get down the ground and then ultimately we needed to get out. What was most a terrible I think about that day a year ago was a the realization that that attack was coming from our own citizens. From Americans misled by the former president into believing that the election had been stolen. And who were seeking to interfere with the peaceful transfer the power. In this country for the first time in our history. One year later, I'm still in the same spot on the House floor. and it was hard to. To recall those memories but also painful to realize that our democracy is even more vulnerable today than it was a year ago. >> You know the vice president as you know kamala Harris made a. Oh really a strong statement and we can use you know other adjectives for this really comparing the insurrection to 9.11 and Pearl Harbor. Do you agree with that assessment. >> I do agree that January 6 will go down in history now is one of those dates associated with an infamous And I also think that given that this attack occurred by our own people. It has a very different kind and poses a different kind of danger. And the fact here we are now 12 months later. And the same false owed about our election that led to that violence is still being promulgated around the country with millions of Americans believing and with the threats to not just members of Congress but school board members City Council members local elections officials state legislators all going up. It's a very dangerous trend for the country. So yes, I do think that's a day that's going to live in but we're not pass the danger. >> You know it's funny you mention that because you know just this last and I'm not talking about the new year here but in 2021, you released your memoir in your book midnight in Washington, how we almost lost democracy and still could do you firmly believe our democracy is at war and could it be lost. >> I strongly believe that our democracy is at risk and could be lost. And I grew up like most Americans and the post-world War 2 period thinking that democracy was kind of double on the all of our experience of bin more countries to coming democracies more people living with more freedom and I think we we got to believe that this was somehow an auto pilot. It's not a our democracy is as it turns out very fragile. And we have moved backwards not in terms of strengthening our democracy. We're seeing things happen here. We never imagined would happen and now we're around the country state Legislature's efforts to strip independent officials of their duties and give them over the partisans will overturn the results of the next election if they don't like it that's fundamentally an American. And and I think we need to wake up to the threat. >> You've been on this January 6 committee you guys have been through over 700 arrests at this point the DOJ and the attorney general Merrick Garland obviously weighing in a year later and and I really I think a lot of Americans want to know what are you seeing where there's actual proof that former president Trump orchestrated or hesitated in trying to stop the attack on the Capitol. >> Well I can't go too much into the evidence that we've gathered apart from what we've already publicly released. But we vote your view now worth 300 witnesses and gathered over 30,000 and it's not just about January 6 is not just about what he did to incite that no and of equal importance of what he didn't do. When the attack began and went on for hours as he watched the attack happening from the luxury of the dining room next to the the kind of a room. It's not just about January 6, it's also about multiple ones of effort to overturn the election to misuse the Justice Department to promulgate false claims of fraud. 2 course state elections officials like the secretary of state in Georgia to find 11,780 votes that don't exist. So we're gathering lots of evidence on all of these issues will begin public hearings I think in the next few weeks and begin sharing that information with the public. >> Could we see the former vice president Mike pence at one of those public hearings. >> I I think it would be wonderful to have the former vice president. Cooperate with our committee of the interview testify and either public or private We would accommodate I think the vice interest there. The most important thing is to get the and probably no one knows better than he does all the efforts that were made to course him into ignoring his constitutional duty. He is a during that joint session, he counts the votes that's it. But they were urging him to ignore that constitutional limitation and overturn the election on behalf of Donald Trump. And no one I think it speaks more eloquently about that than he could if he's well almost 2 decades, you set. >> Pretty close to the former Valley congressman here Devin Nunez. >> Obviously his resignation official this week. And I'm You know he was a political for you for almost your entire time in crime and in Congress. I'm wondering if his resignation shocked you and how you can describe his time in Congress. >> You know actually we were not all For most of our common tenure in Congress up until Donald Trump was elected we work together very well and very closely and very amicably nothing's changed so much in the country with Donald Trump was elected. And he became essentially on his perch as chair and ranking member of the intelligence committee. I'm a little defense a good counsel for the president which is not the role that he was supposed to when we're objective investigation. So yes things at that point. He became I think one of the biggest ecologist for the former president and it's you know it was shocking to learn that he was suddenly leaving but not at all surprising that he was going to make formal what you've been doing informally and that is go to work for PR company to help the former president. >> All right doctor or I should say congressman Adam Schiff, we appreciate your time here in Washington, thanks so much