said Trump did not thank the writers were doing anything wrong. Let's bring in Congressman Adam Schiff, Democrat from Burbank, chair of the House Intelligence Committee . He sits on the January 6th committee. Congressman Schiff. Good to see you. Welcome back. You have investigated Donald Trump as much if not more than anybody in Congress have sort of seen it all over the years, including a lot of intelligence , the rest of the city. Hutchinson's testimony surprising even for you. Yes it was. You know, I have the same extra motion that I've had over the years, which is Shocked on the one hand on another level, not surprised because so consistent with who Donald Trump is, but what I'm most striking. Most shocking today was the testimony that Donald Trump was informed that the mob that has stumbled on the mall included people who were armed and dangerous, uh, and wouldn't go through magnetometers because they didn't want their weapons taken away. And his response was take down the magnetometers. Take down the mags. He called them that these people weren't a threat to him. Uh and therefore he didn't care whether they had weapons wanted them to be able to march with him to the capital . So if anyone who was looking for evidence, the president knew this mob was armed and dangerous. And he was still ready to lead them to incite them. They got to hear that evidence today. One of the most surprising thing she talked about was this car ride with the Secret Service agents where he supposedly reached to try to take the car towards the capital . She wasn't in that car. There were agents who were any thought about bringing them back to testify publicly to try to back up this hearsay. Eight You're right. This was I think one of the few conversations that she related where she's talking about what others have told her rather than hearing the conversation herself. Uh and you know, with respect to that part of her testimony, but really any part of her testimony or that or whether witnesses we are encouraging? People to come forward with the information they have or people have come before the committee to come back before the committee to shed light on on any of these matters, you say you welcome them, but will you subpoena them to come forward? Well you know, I don't want to comment on who's already been before the committee or what they had to say or characterize it. Some people are cooperating. Others like Mark Meadows have been fighting our committee and still others like Piazza Bologna, um, could come in and haven't yet been willing to do so. Hutchinson talked about how she felt working in this White House and her decision to testify. Let's play some of that. It was unpatriotic. It was un American. We were watching. The Capitol building, get two faced over a lie, So you know what it's like to be targeted by Trump supporters. The death threats that you've received and you're a Democrat. You can only imagine what she must be going through as a Republican who testified against the former president. Yeah I have ultimate percent experience with being on the receiving end. Of threats and the ire of a president now former president which makes it all the more remarkable to me to watch her grace under pressure and her courage. And I hope it does inspire others to, you know, Look. Hey that's abalone. Um look what she's able to look what she's willing to do. Look what patriotism looks like, Um and others, I hope will follow her example of Bologna being the former White House counsel who is at the center of so much of this and yet is so far refusing to testify. Um we see what's happening in front of the cameras. But as we heard from her testimony, there's usually a lot that's happening behind the scenes that we don't know about. How are Republicans reacting behind the scenes? What kind of comments are they making towards the boards? Cheney other members of the committee privately? Well you know, I have to say, I think that Republicans are distressed and what they're hearing. I can't say that. They're surprised. You know, many of them used to confide in me a lot more before I became sort of the villain in Trump world have as much access to those sort of private conversations as I used to, But I am hearing in. This is certainly anecdotal. Um that this these hearings are reaching people who are not part of the choir. Uh many of them who did support the former president, but are seeing this. This cavalcade of former Republican Trump officials, former Republican and the current Republicans who are legislative leaders and secretaries of state. All come in and testify against Donald Trump. And I think it is opening a lot of eyes to the true character of this former president or lack of character. Has anybody come forward after seeing Cassidy Hutchinson and where do you go from here? Well, you know, I hope so. I probably won't find out until tomorrow. Uh, the impact of her testimony whether others have reached out to the committee in terms of where we go next. Right now, we have a couple of hearings planned for July. That will focus on the effort to assemble that mob the participation of those white nationalist groups in it and then final. The final hearing will involved all those hours of the attack. What was the president? Do it and importantly, what was the president not doing? You know, among the information today. You know, the president knows the crowd is arm. He wants to march with them. They won't let them march to the capital. But the crowd goes to their capital. They're chanting Hang Mike Pence and the president now watching this from the safety of the White House. His reaction is Pence deserves it. Mm hmm. Adam Schiff. Thank you so much for sharing your perspective on all of this, and we will see what happens next. Whe