g plan is receiving some push back we want to bring in the chairman of the House Intel committee, California congressman Adam Schiff welcome back to Sunday morning matters and congressman I want to start with covid the new federal mandate issued by the president is this a slippery slope that the president is going down is he right by saying quote this is not about freedom. >> Look I think it's right to take whatever steps are necessary to defeat this pandemic. It's a real threat to our economic recovery support to the health and lives of Americans and we have the tools to defeat We have the vaccinations that are safe and effective. But there is this persistent hesitancy got to get these lifesaving vaccines and as a result our emergency rooms are filling up our icus are filling up. That that Sunday injuring some of the staff of the work in those hospitals. But it really is in danger ing of the country because until we get this pandemic under control. The virus is just going to continue to mutate and we're going to face this year after year after year. So if you want to put an end to what I do I think the president does use a strong steps that are necessary ones. >> What do you say to those who argue much like the abortion debate. My body, my choice. >> Well I would say Yes when it comes to your own health. You should have a guiding in and what you do, but wait you're taking actions are failing to take actions that are threatening the lives of others. Then it's important to step in with with requirements to protect the public and hear people's failure to get vaccinated to get treated for this preventive Lee this way it's threatening their neighbor and their friends and their colleagues to work. So it's not just affecting they're putting other people wrist. You know for example in the Congress where a number of my colleagues are not vaccinated and have been resistant to getting vaccinated well if they give that virus to someone else on the House floor who brings it home to their wife who has a health condition. We're young children who aren't able to get vaccinated and one of them gets sick and dies and they should feel some responsibility for that and of course we don't want to take those kind of risks in our workplace. We don't want other people to have to take them in their workplace. Well congressman, you know there is still the argument as well the covid vaccine still not FDA approved but. >> As you know in your area. The La school board now mandating all kids 12 and up and staff to be vaccinated to attend in-person classes is this the right thing to do without that full FDA approval. >> But you know it I think we have to get approval of one of the vaccinations now a fully expect that we'll get full approval of other vaccinations as well they're already approved on that emergency basis. And so I think it is prudent because time is of the essence that we move forward we can we get people safely protected from this virus. Right now it's essentially a pandemic of the unvaccinated it's the unvaccinated are getting seriously ill and dying and having given many 10's of millions hundreds of millions of the those vaccinations now we have seen the largest essential a sample size in terms of a trial and seeded safety and efficacy so I do think moving forward make sense. >> I want to get to the 3 and a half trillion dollars spending plan by the president the Senate seems to be in a standstill about this because of senator Joe mansion could we see a government shutdown. >> I know we're not going to see a I'm I'm very confident I don't think anybody wants to shut down. In the past where we've had you know generally you have one of the political parties last time a Republican Party want to shut the government down. President Trump and any jet, but I don't think there's any desire among Democrats Republicans to do that again. So I don't think that will happen now they're going to be a lot of negotiations over what the ultimate size of that human infrastructure package is in which we invest in physical store infrastructure on which we invest in and people early childhood education making college affordable. And these type of essential things and and so I don't know ultimately what figure we will arrive at but I think there's enough incentive for us to get the job done that we will. >> You know want to move on to Afghanistan as the chairman of the House Intel committee, you know many Americans feel like they're in the dark about what really happened. In Afghanistan, how that evacuation turned so deadly. Why wouldn't the president of accolade our Afghan allies and Americans before evacuating troops. >> Well I think we're going to need a full examination of we're not just what went wrong over the last month but what went wrong over the last 20 years. I am that we invested so much sure blood and treasure AM trying to number one protect the country from another 9.11 attack and then that were successful. But number 2 trying to stand up an Afghan government that was like for itself and defend itself. And that we overwhelmingly. >> Unsuccessful in that mission and the moment we pull our troops out effectively the military collapsed. Now I think there were a lot of warning signs and certainly some of the briefings we've got intelligence committee suggested that LeBron was going to take over the country again. It was just a question of how quickly they would be able to do it. An increasing over the last 6 months those assessments got more and more that the Taliban could quickly overrun the country. You never got to the point where I think there was a expectation of weather that the government and the military would fall within a week or 10 so that did take people by surprise. And nevertheless I think you have military plans for everything and there should have been contingency military planning as we were saying the changing conditions over the last 6 months such that there wasn't such chaos at the end really deadly PM. So we're going to examine what went wrong we're going to do it I think objective Lee and providing answers both as to why the exit was it is difficult problematic and ultimately bloodiest was but also why the 20 year effort to try to stand up. This government in Afghanistan, ultimately fail. >> You know congressman I got 30 seconds left and I'm wondering you started your first term in Congress the year of 9 1120 years later now because of what we've gone through with the exit of Afghanistan. The Taliban back in rule Isis K alive and well, I'm wondering do you believe the United States is vulnerable again of a terrorist attack. >> Well we are vulnerable again and now we're more vulnerable outside of Afghanistan in other countries today. But in 3 years time will the problem and the threat once again role in Afghanistan. It may and we're going to have to keep our eyes on that we're going to use all the tools we have to keep that threat Bay. >> Congressman Adam Schiff, thank you so much for yo