The House Select committee investigating the events of the January 6 attack on the Capitol delays their final hearing this week. >> And what was supposed to be the punctuation of the series a bombshell hearings that is revealed startling details into what exactly happened before and during the deadly riots. So hurricane Ian slamming into the Florida coast, forcing the House Select committee to delay the final hearing the January 6 attack joining me now from Washington is that House chair of the Intel committee in the January 6 select committee member congressman Adam Schiff welcome back to Sunday morning matters. Thank you for joining us great to be with you you know, let's do some housekeeping real quick when will we see that final hearing of the January 6 attack. >> We're going to reschedule it to either next week or the following So I would imagine within the next 2 weeks. >> You know, and I'm wondering how much of a bombshell was it to the committee, maybe even yourself here learning through a former congressman Denver Riggleman that there was some kind of communication between a person riot teen at the Capitol. And the White House. What do you say to that. >> You know it wasn't a surprise to we've been aware of this information for some and you know I think the problem with what saying publicly now it is he only has information up to April when he left the committee we've done a lot of investigative work since that time so he's operating on incomplete information and one of the things that is I think given the committee such grub credibility is were careful not to overstate matters or understate So we haven't commented evidence until we've had a full opportunity to see how significant it significant to this but but I can tell all of the information that he was working on we continue to work and are pursuing every way we can. >> Do we know or I should say do you know that 2 people on either end of that phone line. >> You know I can't go into the We're not disclosing that at this and again that will be a committee decision we make public what we know on that subject or others which is why you know it is very unusual for a committee staff member to leave the was a sensibly going to help people in but instead apparently left to work on a book you know that was the profound departure I think from what we're expecting. >> You know before I move on to the situation in Armenia I wanted to get your thought real quick and I'm wondering from what we're learning from the FBI raid of mar-a-lago and the top secret documents that were seized. Could it just be a mistake that while Trump and his team was moving out of the white House. Those documents were boxed up by accident. Or do you think this was some kind of deliberate plot. >> Well it's very hard to understand how this could have been some kind of You know box up a bunch of top secret documents about things that are floating around the White and in turn makes them of this paper clips and whatnot and ship them off what's more when the archives went to them and said hey you got a bunch of stuff that you shouldn't have and when the FBI went to them and so we believe that you have cost but they were rebuffed time and time and that ultimately resulted in the FBI executed a search warrant and finding even more classified documents so there were lots of opportunities for the former president and his staff to return. These and so it's hard to imagine how that could have been an accident. >> OK I want to get to what's happening in Armenia as you know there's a lot of unrest and we'll talk about some of the other unrest as well but president Biden has not condemned the attack. Recently by the Azeri forces publicly does he need to. >> I think that the administration needs to speak out very forcefully unequivocally us about the aggression by the vision mission has made were on and on the people of Arkansas this is tragically something they engaged in this unprovoked War 2 years ago and we've seen a continuation of hostilities initiated by has a vision so I think everyone in the ministrations ought to condemn this and more than that we ought to cut off funding for a survey Sean I've introduced a bill to do I have a chance to talk with the president about this issue and try to make the case. we shouldn't be giving economic or military support to us a vision. >> And why that hasn't happened yet. I'm wondering is the U.S. going to jump in we know that Armenia relies on Russia so much we know what's going on there in Ukraine. So Armenians left on the island and I'm wondering if President Biden is set to offer any military aid to Armenia. >> Well you know I don't know the answer to You know I can say has well let me say the army has been tragically I think very dependent on Russia militarily other been dependent on Russia economically and I would love to Armenia join the European Union integrate its economy more with then with this moribund Russian dominated Eurasian and I would certainly like to see them less dependence. On on Russia in any The Russian peacekeepers obviously have not been able to keep the peace and I think that inability of the international community to forcefully condemn Azerbaijan, instead of engaging in this language of false equivalence going on both sides for frame violence when one side is the dresser really emboldened Ali Hassan has just change. >> So I just want to make sure I heard right you would support Armenia join the EU. >> I would absolutely media joining the EU moving away you know economic dependence on Russia obviously that's a decision for the army 8 years ago have been moving in that direction expressed interest in becoming a part of the EU and at the time the prime minister of Armenia was essentially someone to Moscow and from Moscow announced that no that wouldn't join European Union they would join the Eurasian and you can only imagine the amount of course and that must have been brought on that former prime minister to do that I want to leave you with this and used to be on the Foreign Relations Committee and. >> There's a lot of unrest going on in this world right now we know what's russia-ukraine Armenia Azerbaijan what's happening in China and their response to Taiwan. The president even saying there would be a physical response if China attacked Taiwan and now we also have to run it. The unrest, there. Is this world headed to World War 3. >> Well I certainly hope not and we have to do everything we can to make sure that we you know what Iran is doing right now cracking down on protesters peaceful protesters protesting the fact that their morality police. Arrested a woman for not wearing an adequate headscarf and then beat her to the point where she you know we need to stand up and speak out on behalf of. The right of Iranians to peacefully assemble and protest. And support human rights in Iran of introduced the bill to do exactly that You know the the 2 flashpoints I think though that you mention and of course what's going with Russia's unprovoked war in those are the most profound risks at this moment to drag us into a. Another war and I think the Biden restriction is a really good job of providing Ukraine with this much support as possible. A short of getting us in a shooting war with and somewhat I think but administration is doing its best to be supportive of the rights of people in to there democracy and the representative form of But trying to deter China from any military adventurism that would give us a brawl in the conflict. >> Congressm