agreements to allow more evacuations this weekend, Congressman Adam Schiff of Burbank met with Ukrainian President Zelensky in Kiev. He traveled there with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi earlier today, shift gave us his first interview after getting off the plane, so I knew a lot about him, but it's one thing to know a lot about something. It's another to sit down with them and to see you know the kind of calm that he demonstrates. In the midst of war. The really comprehensive knowledge he has of the military strategy and humanitarian needs. He's inspired not just Ukrainians, but people all around the world , including a great many here in the United States. So you guys spoke for three The hours. Would you talk about what he say? Would you say to him? We you know, first hour and a half was basically sitting around the conference table and going over . Okay. This is the state of the battlefield. This is what we need. We talked about what we're doing what our allies are doing What we're not yet doing. I asked a lot about our intelligence sharing. I wanted to make sure that we were getting them. Good real time information. Um and then we moved into another room and had dinner and continue the conversation. It was all work. I mean, it wasn't It wasn't making small talk. But when you consider that prior to holding office, he was a comedic actor in a sitcom playing a comedic actor who becomes president of Ukraine. It was really astounding to see how he has become this Churchill of Ukraine . How is he may be different in person than what you see on D Day. Ah he is and you might get the sense from him on TV, but he is utterly without affect. I mean, he's the president of the country at war, but He doesn't stand on ceremony. There's no pop. There's no circumstance, so it comes across. Um really is just a normal human being who has been trusting this extraordinary job with the weight of his country. Hang on him as well as much of the free world. What was he specifically asking you for? And are you going to be able to deliver on that The battlefield has changed. The war has entered a new phase, so he was asking us for more long range artillery. We're sending it. Lots of how it serves lots of ammunition. But there are other systems that would have an even bigger impact multiple rocket launch systems that I think we should provide, as well as anti ship munitions to take out some of that Russian Black Sea fleet so that Ukraine can once again open the portal Odessa. I mean, you've had a lot of meetings over the years, but you've had a meeting in the middle of an active war zone. Was it scary driving into that? Were you concerned for your safety? What was it like? You know, we had a lot of security around us. So at that level, you feel secure. But the same time the Russians are launching cruise missiles into Kiev and you know, some of them are targeted. Some of them seem to be pretty random. And so the citizens of Kiev have to live with the fear that you know they could see up in the sky cruise missile and before they could react there. If would be over. And you know, we got a vivid sense of that being there, knowing that if you're in the wrong place at the wrong time, then it's lights out. Was your was your wife or family? Kind of concerned going? You know, I couldn't really tell my family where it was going. Not even your wife. Well I'm I'm sure that they can figure out because I can't tell them where I'm going. I'm going somewhere. That's not safe. But when I was out of harm's way, I Um, let my wife know so that she wouldn't worry any longer than was necessary. What's your big takeaway from this trip that Ukrainians have a will to fight if they are given the means that they have a real chance to push Russia back, but also that, uh, I couldn't help but think of the eerie echo of the 19 thirties. Once again, there is a dictator in Europe who believes that it isn't his God given right to subjugate other people's that other countries around him aren't real countries. Um you know, it's very reminiscent of Hitler and his view that, uh, that whether the sedate and land or Austria that the Reich had a right to these territories and peoples, and, um So it seems awfully familiar. Obviously there are parallels only go so far. But we haven'