y daughter, Shea. Let's bring in now. Congressman Adam Schiff, the Democrat from Burbank, chair of the House Intelligence Committee member of the January 6th committee, who led today's hearing, Congressman. Welcome Um , Obviously, these happened in the middle of the day here in Southern California when maybe not everybody was watching every minute of this. What do you think, is the big, most important? Simple takeaway from today's hearing. Well The simple takeaway is Donald Trump lost the election. He created a big lie about massive fraud to try and explain his loss and overturn it. And he used that light of pressure. State legislators state elections officials To attack even local election workers Uprooting their lives, subjecting them to death threats. Uh and they stood strong and for that reason the system held but what he did was premeditated. It was unconstitutional and patriotic, un American. I and I'm glad the country got to see the heroes who stood up to him and also see the terrible impact on their lives. Rusty Bowers. He was there in one of those gentlemen in that four box there. Arizona House speaker. He's a Republican Trump supporter. He voted for Trump. He was part of today's testimony live here he is and why he wouldn't and go along with overturning Arizona's votes . What would you have me do, he said. Just do it and let the courts sort it out. And I said, You're asking me to do something that's never been done in history. The history of the United States. And I'm going to put my state through that.& Without Sufficient proof. And that's going to be good enough with me. That I would I would put us through that my state that I swore to uphold both in Constitution and in law. No sir . Hmm Congressman Chef. I know that you recently expressed some surprised by the fact that you were able to get so many people , namely Republicans to go on the record for the committee. Why do you think that there has been so much alliance? Well I think people saw the terrible damage that Donald Trump did during his presidency in the danger. It put our democracy in, and for many of them, their own lives were put at risk. Uh Rusty Bowers, the Republican speaker from Arizona, that you just profile He not only supported Trump eat campaigned for him, but he wasn't about to break his oath, and he talked about his faith in the hearing today and how you know he felt he couldn't answer his maker if he violated what? What he knew to be sacred , and he felt that our constitution was divinely inspired. You heard others like Brad Raffensperger, the Republican secretary of state from Georgia, and say, you know , the president wanted him to re calculate the vote somehow, but There was no way to do that. No way to do it lawfully, and he wouldn't do it. Uh And you know, because of their courage and a number of others. Um you know, we got through that judge, but the danger continues. It was quite something here from Sheamus. Who is this Georgia election worker who was named by Rudy Giuliani and became this sort of scapegoat. Um At one point, they suggested that she was passing some sort of U. S. B drive. In fact, she was passing a ginger mint, which was quite something to think about. She talked about how this whole thing changed her life. Here's more of that. I don't want anyone knowing my name. I don't want to go anywhere with my mom because she might yell my name out over the grocery aisle or something. I don't go to the grocery store all haven't been anywhere. Um All I've gained about £60. So this is for just being an election worker, And this is part of a bigger problem , right? We have protestors outside Brett Kavanaugh house with death threats towards him. You have experienced a whole lot of death threats over the last several years, some directed towards your wife even as journalists get death threats Now I have stuff sent to me via social media. How does this stop? How do we put the genie back into the bottle? What do you think needs to change in terms of her society so that death threats are not the norm. Oh yeah, It's a really important question, because one of the hallmarks of our democracy is we go to the polls to settle our differences. But if it becomes a situation where whenever you lose or your candidate loses that that you're going to accuse the other side of fraud or call it a legitimate or threatened with deadly violence any Anyone who disagrees with you. Then that's how democracy has come to an end. One of the things that we hope by profiling these courageous people is that we can show the country that destructive impact of these lies and these threats and how they just appended people's lives. And we can imagine Alex, uh, being so afraid you can't use your name or be with your mom because she might use her name in public. Her mother testified in deposition about how she had to shut down her business. You know they were struck by lightning. They did exactly what they were supposed to do. And just out of the blue, they became a target of the president of United States, and it just shows you the crushing power of a president who's willing to use that power to destroy people that get in his way. Yeah, you really do feel for both of those women. Okay So earlier, I asked you about the compliance that you have, Uh, you've gotten the one person who we haven't heard from, of course, who, seemingly as a star witness of all this is former Vice President Mike Pence . Why not subpoena him? Is that going to happen? Well you know, we're we've invited him to testify. We're still in conversation about trying to get I hear his testimony. I can't speak for the committee about, um what we'll do if he declines , whether we'll try to compel him. But look, I would hope that people we start today, these courageous public servants, they showed the importance the patriotism of testifying I would hope that he'd be moved by it. And he would similarly, um, be willing to come forward. But but so far that hasn't happened and I just have to hope that it will, according to published reports, the next hearing is going to be held, led by Republican congressman Adam Kinzinger. It's going to focus on his department. Initially there was some thinking that maybe Thursday's hearing would be the last. But that's not the case anymore, right? What are we looking at? And what kind of new information are you looking at now? Well in Thursday's hearing , um Adam Kinzinger, my colleague will lead us through the evidence about how there was an effort to essentially decapitate the leadership of the Justice Department. And replace those Justice Department officials with someone named Jeffrey Cart who was willing to do the president's bidding in every way. And as we heard from the teaser provided by our chairman today, There was a threat to the president that they would resign on moss before they would let him appoint someone of the lack of qualifications. Someone willing to not uphold the Constitution but merely do the trip. The president's bidding they would resign. Uh and so I think you'll see just what Donald Trump wanted the Justice Department to and again why public servants said no, We're not going to do that We won't violate or else will quit before we do anything like that. Alright before we let you go. We know you have quite the day You have another big day ahead of you tomorrow A little birdie told us that it is your birthday tomorrow. So what's the what's on the birthday list? What would be your ideal birthday day? Well my ideal birthday is, uh, you know is movies and dinner. So we did that for Father's Day. We went to see top gun, which is excellent. Uh went out for dinner with the family. And I would love to do that again on my birthday and go see another movie. What's the best birthday gift that your wife Eve has ever gotten? You H my goodness, That was well, I'll tell you. Maybe this is it During the pandemic? I had my 60th birthday and she put together a video of my family and friends Wish me happy birthday and she knows I'm a huge Big Lebowski, fan of the at the end of the video bridges came on to wish me a happy birthday. And so the dude abided. On my birthday. And what more could I ask? My goodness. Eve It's going to be hard to top that. And by the way, Adam and Eve. How precious is that? That's their thing. The dude abides. Alright Thank you so much. Congressman You had that on your drinking game for watching the show tonight. A Jeff Big Lebowski line. It's time to take a shot. We appreciate it and I obviously such a serious topic and we look forward to mor