Hello – I wanted to speak with you to share
an update on coronavirus to explain what actions Congress has taken and where we go from here. Our first priority has to be containing the
virus, mitigating its spread, and treating those infected. To that end, last week, Congress passed and
the President signed into law a $8.3 billion funding package. It includes more than $3 billion towards the
development of treatments and a coronavirus vaccine, provides $2.2 billion in public health
funding for prevention, preparedness and response, and funds a low-interest loan program for
small business who are affected. Next, we need to help the families and communities
economically affected to ensure they continue to have a source of income. That’s why today the House is preparing
to pass a second package of legislation, the Families First Coronavirus Response Act. This bill builds on the previous emergency
funding by addressing the severe effects the coronavirus will have on many Americans’
financial security. It would ensure free testing, create an emergency
paid leave fund, and expand unemployment measures and food assistance programs. Last night, President Trump addressed the
nation about additional actions his Administration is taking to combat the virus. I support the President’s objectives, but
am deeply concerned that the Administration is still lagging far behind on the need for
testing, ensuring access to medical supplies, and protecting frontline workers. Our public health officials are clear that
the virus is already here and spreading – closing borders cannot be the only response. We need more testing and we need it now. We need more Personal Protective Equipment
and ventilators in our hospitals. And we need to prepare not just for our needs
today but for those in a week, a month, and beyond. The American people are looking to the Administration
to step up and deliver. Nearly 20,000 people are being tested every
day for coronavirus in South Korea. Yet so far the United States has only tested
around 11,000 people total. Congress is ready to support the Administration
with the resources that are needed, but we and the American people need clear direction
and honest communication from the White House. In the meantime, what can each of us as individuals
and communities do? First, practice good hygiene. Wash your hands often with soap and water
for at least 20 seconds. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth
with unwashed hands. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects
and surfaces. Second, practice social distancing to reduce
the probability of contact that could cause transmission of the virus. Stay home when you are sick. Avoid large gatherings. To this end, our office is moving to telework
beginning next week, we have begun scheduling meetings virtually, and we have postponed
two upcoming events that would have brought together more than 100 constituents. Finally, remember our office is here to help
with any issues involving a federal agency. This includes working through problems caused
by travel restrictions. Please contact us on our website schneider.house.gov
or by calling 847 383 4870 if you need assistance. If you have questions about symptoms or testing,
please contact the Illinois Department of Public Health’s coronavirus hotline at 1-800-889-393. I know we can reduce and eventually contain
the spread of this virus, but it will require working together as communities and as a nation. I will continue to keep you updated in the
days ahead. Thank you.