To those of you who are watching I hope you are healthy
and well and I thank you for doing what's necessary to keep our community
safe. I also want to take this moment to thank those who are going to work
everyday, the first responders the people in our hospitals and health care system,
the folks stocking our grocery stores, everyone doing what they have to do to
make sure that you and I are safe in our homes. And to those who are staying home:
you too are doing your part by keeping our social distance by trying to reduce
the spread of this virus we're increasing the likelihood that our
health care system can take care of those people who do get sick and
hopefully we're getting to a place where soon we'll be able to restore the
normalcy we all so desperately desire. This past week I have spent much of my time
on the phone talking to my colleagues trying to identify the next step
Congress must take after passing the CARES Act: the 2.2 trillion dollar relief
package that is helping our local communities, our small businesses,
individuals trying to make ends meet, and the people within our health care system.
I spent much of my week talking with leaders of our local hospitals as well
as management of some of our local companies that are working to close the
gap on PPE, Personal Protective Equipment, and the medical needs that we so
desperately need. Among these are Vyaire Medical, one of the
nation's leading manufacturers of ventilators who are increasing their
capacity at a rapid rate to try to close the gap, as well as Abbott Labs who has
developed a rapid results test and trying to get that out to our
communities. There are companies large and small who are doing their part to
make a difference, and to all of them I want to say thank you.
My priorities continue to be within our health care system getting the PPE and
medical devices necessary so that our doctors and nurses and health care
workers are safe and that they're able to take care of the patients that are
coming to our hospitals. We have seen what our governor is called the "Wild Wild West" with different states competing against each other jacking up the prices. That's why I'm calling for a supply chain authority, a centralized authority effectively a "supply chain czar," under
the authority of the president who will take the power of the United States to
identify our needs, identify sources that can close those needs, and make sure
we're getting the necessary supplies where they're needed exactly when
they're needed. I also am working on helping our small businesses. The payroll
protection plan PPP program went live on Friday I know there was much confusion
by the guidance issued by the Small Business Administration. I continue to
push the administration to simplify the guidance to make it easier but the banks
are lending these funds. So if you haven't already done so I urge you to
apply to your local bank - if your bank isn't participating there's a list of
banks on the SBA website. We also are having a webinar on Monday. You can get
information and reserve your spot at our website Schneider.house.gov. We
continue to work for you, though we're working remotely, we are available by
telephone: (847)383-4870 (847)383-4870 or on our
website Schneider.house.gov. I hope you are well, and I wish you continued
strength and good health and if you need anything please don't hesitate to
call us. Thank you.