Hi - I want to take a moment to talk about
the Farm Bill that's being debated in Congress this week. The Farm Bill has historically been a piece
of legislation that both parties come together to try to address needs - both in our rural
communities and in our cities to make sure all Americans have good quality food to eat. This year is different. I will start by telling you that I oppose
the Farm Bill this year and I reject the partisan strategy to take what has historically been
a bipartisan effort to do good for our country. We've received over one thousand letters,
and I want to touch on the topics of a couple of them. Jennifer from Vernon Hills wrote in, "I am
angry that Congress would consider slashing food stamps to over one million households. Please reject this heartless proposal." Well Jennifer, I agree with you. The Republican attempt at the Farm Bill this
week would cut $23 billion from the SNAP program - the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. It's projected that that would leave one million
people without food support. People who historically have been on SNAP
for only 10 months while they try to find a new job or get their lives back in order. This is putting kids at risk, it's putting
families at risk, and quite honestly, this is just simply wrong. A second letter from Katie in Mundelein, she
writes that "The Farm Bill should provide farm and food policy that is essential to
our economy." Instead, she goes on to say that this farm
bill, "undermines the ability of farmers to implement ecological practices and ensure
that we have a sustainable food supply for years to come." And again, I agree with this. The Farm BIll eliminates $800 million in conversation
programs, makes it more difficult for communities to invest in sustainable farming, it takes
us in the wrong direction. This whole approach this year to a partisan
farm bill, that leaves people suffering and struggling for food, and makes it more difficult
for farmers to invest in to sustainable agriculture practices is, plain and simple, the wrong
way to go. And that's one of many reasons why I oppose
this bill.