I recognize the gentleman from Illinois
Mr. Schneider to inquire. Thank You, Mr. Chair, and I thank you Sec. Azar for coming before the committee today. As you know, my home state of Illinois had
the second confirmed case of coronavirus as well Chicago O'Hare directly
adjacent to my district is one of us of the Select screening airports passengers
for China. That means that we have primary secondary and tertiary
quarantine sites in and around my district these facts have sparked a fair
degree of concern and worry among my constituents as it has across the
country. I am a strong believer in the axiom "prepare for the worst, hope for the
best." I wish I could with confidence simply
ease my constituents fears by saying our administration is fully prepared and has
the situation under control but right now I feel like saying so would be,
generously speaking, a stretch of the truth. Trump's administration's
response has been at best lethargic at worst comprehensively short-sighted.
The budget you are presenting to our committee today only stands
further weaken the agencies like the CDC that are critical to the response to the
coronavirus outbreak. On top of that the president and your department are
requesting a mere two and a half billion in emergency funding. You said it was a
"chess game." To put in context how insufficient this funding is, our
Illinois state government projects a 15 percent decrease in GDP, and the worst
case scenario of a widespread outbreak. That totals to 131 billion dollars per
year, or 10.5 billion dollars per month. The
state would need 1,000 state responders at the cost of 7 million dollars
every 30 days. Illinois alone will need 500,000 units of personal
protective equipment: gallons, gloves, masks, face shields per month totaling
35 million dollars there, and the cost of the current standard 14 days
of quarantine including housing food medical support and law enforcement is
estimated at $10,000 per individual - that's just for one person. These numbers
are staggering and that is only one state representing a mere fraction of
the national need. You just said a few minutes ago that we need to prepare for
all outcomes. Secretary, do you think the president and your agency's
budget request is sufficient to be prepared for just the most likely, let alone
the worst-case scenario? And if not, do you expect States communities and local
hospitals will need to in fact be able to foot the rest of the bill? Sec. Azar: So, we do
believe it is the appropriate response for the remaining months of 2020. But the
president has made it very clear that we will work with Congress on a bipartisan
bicameral basis to secure additional money, such the Congress sees fit. I did
want to mention it is not part of our doctrine for pandemic that we would be
using mandatory institutional quarantine like we've dealt with in Chicago there.
That's the unique circumstances of federal quarantine from these passengers coming
in from out of the country in this active containment period. So it would
not be part of the expectation for Americans that you would see this - it
would be home isolation is really much more what we would do. Rep. Schneider: The case in California is that person in quarantine? Sec. Azar: Because we are still at an active containment strategy, which is to put people into mandatory quarantine. At some point if we
were in a mitigation mode people will stay at home just like with severe flu. Rep. Schneider: Okay so, just for the sake of time my constituents in general would feel more
confident if you were preparing to protect us against the worst case, were asking for all the funding and never had to use it. But you're not which
is I believe unnecessarily putting our communities and our nation at risk when
lives are at stake. We also, after this may be a question you
need to answer separately, have to deal with the logistical issues like supply chain
management with stockpiling we need to be dealing with today not tomorrow. Can
you provide us with concrete examples of how the agency is preparing for
shortages and supplies like gowns, masks, etc., and what you've done so far, what you plan to do in the future to make sure we have things placed where we need them,
when they need them, as they need them? Sec. Azar: So, we're already using on the transfer and
reprogramming money to do initiate contracts for gowns and as well as N95
masks and with the emergency supplemental funding that we hopefully
will get, we will acquire massively more amounts of that but we've started the
seed contract so we can build on those quickly. My time is up - I yield back.