Thank you Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support
of the bipartisan resolution, Resolution 676, offered by my friends, Chairman Ed Royce and
Ranking Member Eliot Engel of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. And I want to thank my friend from Florida
and my friend from California for leading us in this conversation today. Less than two weeks ago, on December 28, protests
began in towns and villages throughout Iran. These quickly, and organically grew to become
the largest anti-government demonstrations the country has witnessed since the remarkable
summer of 2009. Iranian citizens have taken to the streets
to decry the regime’s corruption, economic mismanagement, and destabilizing activities
abroad, including support for terrorist groups such as Hezbollah. The Iranian people, those good men and women
seeking relief from the failings of the current regime, deserve our support. Their voices deserve to be heard. Not surprisingly, the response of the regime
in Tehran to these protests has been predictably draconian. News reports suggest dozens of Iranians have
been killed in the crackdown on protests and more than 1,000 have been arrested. In an effort to silence the protestors, the
Iranian government has blocked access to the social media platforms used to organize and
spread word of the demonstrations. This most recent crackdown is part of a long
history of human rights abuses by the Iranian government, both at home through violent repression,
and abroad through funding of groups who spread terror. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that last month this
House passed my amendment to the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act to help crack down
on Iran’s human rights abusers and ensure U.S. sanctions are best positioned to improve
the human rights situation in Iran. This is but one step. We need to do more to stop Iran’s repression
and persecution of different religious faiths, including Sunni Muslims, Christians, and Baha’is. We need to do more to stop the Iranian regime’s
arbitrary and unlawful killings. And we must do more to protect the Iranian
people’s right to freedom of expression. This resolution is an opportunity for the
American people to stand with the peaceful Iranian protestors, and condemn the malign
activities of the oppressive Iranian regime. In the days ahead, I urge the Administration
to hold the Iranian regime accountable to its international human rights obligations,
as well as work with our allies at the United Nations to condemn and sanctions Iran for
its ongoing human rights violations. The government in Iran is seeking to silence
its people. Today’s resolution shows we are watching
and that we stand with the people of Iran. I urge my colleagues to support this important
resolution.