Today is Memorial Day, a day we set aside
each year to pause and remember those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in service
to our nation. This year’s Memorial Day is obviously unlike
any of living memory. No communal flag raising. No parades, No large family gatherings. Still, in spite of the challenges presented
by the pandemic, we can hold on to what Memorial Day truly represents. We can take a little extra time to honor the
memories of the brave men and women who laid down their lives for our country and our freedom. We can reflect on past struggles in our nation’s
history, including the Civil War, two World Wars, Korea, Vietnam, the Gulf Wars and Afghanistan. At each of those times, regular people just
like you and me reached deep into their souls and found the courage to carry forward. And because of their fortitude, because of
their heroism, the United States has always persevered and always moved forward to better
days. So today let us recognize their patriotism,
bravery, and love of country—values demonstrated not in words, but by actions. Today is also a time to recognize our neighbors
who have a Gold Star in their home or on their hearts. Families in our communities who’ve lost
loved ones at war or service to our country. I cannot imagine the pain of losing a son,
a daughter, a brother, a sister or a parent in war. The Gold Stars they carry signify the sacrifice
and pain these families endure every day. We can support them by remembering their loss
and embracing the example they set for us all. We can honor their sacrifice by staying united
and strong…as one nation, one people. As well, let us continue to honor the heroes
on the front lines of our current battle. The health care workers in our hospitals and
nursing homes. The first responders keeping us safe and secure. The essential workers producing, transporting
and selling the products upon which we all depend. And of course those, serving at home and around
the world—in the Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force and Coast Guard. Lastly, as the weather finally begins to feel
like summer, I hope that despite these challenging circumstances, you can begin to find some
moments of normalcy and peace. Again, wishing you a special Memorial Day. May the heroism of all who we’ve lost, sustain
us and give us the strength to get through this pandemic together. We unite today to honor them. May we stay united to be worthy of their sacrifice