Mr. Speaker, we absolutely must reform our
outdated and overly complex tax code. But the current bill this House is considering
is not the way to do it. I’ve heard from constituents and local elected
officials about how this plan will hurt them and their communities. Rather than lifting our economy and making
our local communities stronger, this bill before us is an unfair and fiscally-reckless
step backwards. My constituents are deeply concerned with
the restrictions placed on the State and Local Tax (or SALT) deduction. This puts a real burden on the residents of
states like Illinois. One in three Illinois taxpayers use the SALT
deduction. Let’s be clear, the SALT deduction is not
a tax break for the very wealthy. It’s used by the hard-working American families
we need to be helping with tax reform, not hurting. I’m also profoundly concerned about what
this reform means for our growing debt. An additional $2.3 trillion in debt is irresponsible
in the extreme, burdening our children and grandchildren with the consequences. And now with the most recent Senate version,
the GOP is taking aim at the Affordable Care Act. Repealing the individual mandate without a
workable replacement will further reduce enrollment in the individual health insurance markets,
making coverage more expensive for millions of Americans and their families. There are things we can do to improve the
ACA. For example, delaying the looming taxes on
medical devices and health insurance premiums has broad bipartisan support. We should be focused on solutions like these,
that improve, not dismantle, the ACA. Despite our willingness to work across the
aisle, there was virtually no bipartisan engagement on the plan this House is rushing to vote
on. But it’s not too late to change course. I urge my colleagues to take the time for
full deliberation in a complete and bipartisan process. Together, we can produce real tax reform that
is fiscally responsible, prioritizes the middle class, and grows our economy for the next
generation.