Mr. Speaker, I rise today heartbroken and
bone weary from the gun violence that continues to wrack our country. Just this year alone, there have been 273
mass shootings. Shootings with four or more victims. Everyday we read of another child tragically
lost. Our nation woke yesterday to the horrifying
news of yet another mass shooting, this time in Las Vegas. It is once more, now, the worst shooting in
our nation's history. This violence sears our hearts and leaves
countless families forever, tragically changed. I extend my sincere condolences to all those
who lost loved ones and send prayers of recovery to those wounded. Please know that the American people are grieving
with you. And I'm incredibly grateful for the extraordinary
professionalism and bravery of law enforcement and first responders during this attack. But our words and prayers are not sufficient
for the people of Las Vegas or the other victims of daily gun violence across our country. We owe them more. We must come together to tackle this epidemic
with action. Enough is enough. There is no one single solution to gun violence
now, nor are there any easy answers. But that must not stop us from making progress
where we can. Incredibly, however, this body is set to consider
rolling back some of the commonsense regulations we already have in place for gun safety. It is inconceivable to me that this House
is preparing to vote on legislation to weaken restrictions on the sale of silencers. Such sound suppressors make it more difficult
for law enforcement officers to identify the point source of a weapon, and to react to
protect our public. Why are we considering a bill that makes firearms
more deadly and make it more difficult for police to respond? But that’s not all! There is also a proposal to weaken state concealed
carry laws with national reciprocity. This dangerous legislation would undermine
local safety laws and deny states their right to establish their own concealed carry safety
standards. Requiring states to accept the concealed carry
standards of every other state will effectively create a dangerous race to the bottom and
leave the least-restrictive state law as the effective national standard. Mr. Speaker, we should be debating and voting
on proposals that can reduce gun violence in our communities. We must not allow the difficulty of the path
ahead from preventing us from embracing solutions that move us in the right direction. Earlier this year, I introduced the Ghost
Guns are Guns bill with my colleague Congressman Espaillat of New York. This will addresses the glaring loophole that
allows gun buyers to bypass a background check by purchasing their weapons as unassembled
kits online. These kits can be delivered to anyone’s
doorstep with all the parts needed to assemble a fully functioning, totally untraceable firearm. The Ghost Guns are Guns Act simply says that
these weapons should be regulated like other firearms and require a background check like
other firearms. More than 9 out of 10 Americans support background
checks. This bill is a commonsense step forward and
I urge my colleagues to join me in seeking its passage. We also face a problem of stolen guns. Last year alone, more than 18,000 guns were
lost or stolen from Federal Firearm dealers. Many of these stolen weapons were later used
in violent crimes. That’s why I introduced the SECURE Firearm
Storage Act to require all Federal Firearm Licensees to securely store their inventory
when not open for business. The Chicago Sun-Times said this bill was “so
obviously right, it’s hard to believe it is even necessary.” I agree and I invite my colleagues to join
me in passing this bill as well. These are but two commonsense ideas. I’m open to any and all ideas to make progress
on reducing gun violence in our communities and helping make our communities safe, from
universal background checks, to making gun trafficking a Federal crime, to limiting access
to high-capacity magazines and military-style assault weapons. Enough is enough. We cannot allow this epidemic to continue. Together, we have the opportunity to save
lives. I urge my colleagues to join me and lets take
this time to act. And I yield back.