Schneider: I want to share a story of one
of my constituents and it is consistent with that last question on insulin. Miss Jody Nepstad from Zion in my district. She has insurance coverage. She is 62. She has social security disability benefit. And she has coverage through the medicare
advantage plan. She is also a type two diabetic and relies
on a daily supply on insulin to survive. In her medicare advantage plan she was paying
three hundred and twenty dollars per month, up from just forty seven dollars per month
on her previous employer plan. Then in august she had her donut hole. Her insurer told her that she would be responsible
for fifty four hundred dollars until she could make it to the catastrophic phase and lower
her liability. Miss Nepstad is disabled and living on a fixed
income. There is no way she could afford out of pocket
costs. As we speak as we have heard other stories
today, she is rationing her current supply of insulin and waiting until her next disability
check so she can go buy another month’s supply. She is risking her life each and every day. Because she can not afford her life giving
insulin. This is sadly business as usual, which is
totally unacceptable. These are kitchen table issues the cost of
drugs, unaffordable premiums, skyrocketing deductibles and HR 3 will help every single
on of these growing crisis. I also want to highlight one other way that
HR 3 will help Jodie. The ACA took a huge step towards eliminating
pre-existing condition exclusions for many patients. But medicare beneficiaries are one of the
last groups that do not have the same protections. Until Jodie turns 65, remember she is 62 and
disabled, she cannot purchase a medigap plan without under riding for her pre-existing
conditions. That means she can be denied a policy all
together. If she wants to keep her Medicare advantage
plan after she turns 65 and later switch to traditional medicare she would face under
riding or be rejected because of her diabetes or her disability. Not having guaranteed issue for medigap is
a serious barrier to care. Dr Feder, could you please discuss how medigap
protections for pre-existing conditions currently function and how we might improve them going
forward. Feder: I think you have highlighted the problem. it is particularly severe for people with
disabilities. The access to guaranteed issue and community
rating in the medigap plan is not a function of federal legislation it is a function of
state legislation. And the majority of states do not provide
the protections that would enable, assure people with pre-existing conditions that they
can always have access to the supplementary insurance they need because of the holes in
medicare coverage. That as I indicated in my testimony and you
have made clear is unacceptable if we are trying to provide people adequate protection
it locks somebody like your constituent into a medicare advantage plan that may not be
serving her well and we do have plenty of evidence that AMA plans favor less sick patients
and would like others to dis-enroll. She is stuck unless we fix this provision. Schneider: I have a plan for that. My bill HR 4676 The Protecting Medicare Beneficiaries
With Pre-existing Conditions Act would extend pre-existing condition protections to medicare
enrollees under age 65 as well as allow medicare advantage enrollees switching to traditional
medicare to enroll in medigap plans without the fear of under riding. I look forward to including this critical
protection in HR 3 and I also appreciate that HR 3 will use a substantial portion of the
savings to increase subsidies for low income medicare beneficiaries purchasing their drugs. I have another bill, the Medicare Prescription
Help Act that I introduced with my colleagues Robin Kelly and Senator Bob Casey that would
substantially increase the low income subsidy benefit to insure that our seniors can get
their needed prescriptions and adhere to their drug regimen. With that Madam Chairman I am happy to yield
back.