Hi everyone,
First, let me say thank you for everything you are doing to bring attention to the issue
of improving school safety and reducing gun violence. I can’t overstate how important it is that
you are having this gathering today. Your voices, and the voices of countless young
people like you around the country are changing the national debate. I so wish I could stand with you in person
today, but I am in Washington this week while Congress is voting. Nevertheless, I stand with you in spirit,
and your work at home will help me and my like-minded colleagues here. As you gather, our hearts are still aching
for the 17 innocent lives cut short by a gunman at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in
Florida, and for all the innocent lives lost to gun violence before and since. In the face of this tragedy and so many others
across the country, our thoughts and prayers alone are not enough. We must honor their memories with action to
save more lives from gun violence. In Congress, there is hope for some modest
progress. This week, Congress is working to provide
additional resources for school safety. I am proud that a bill I introduced in January
to help schools put panic buttons in classrooms to more quickly notify first responders in
an emergency is included in this legislation. But while the current bill is a step forward,
it does not go nearly far enough. We still need universal background checks,
we need to ban the sale military assault weapons, bump stocks, and high capacity magazines,
and we should raise the age to purchase weapons to 21, to name a few. I support all these measures, and I believe
most Americans do as well. The only thing holding us back is the political
will to move forward. And that’s where you come in. What we could not achieve after Newtown, what
we could not achieve after Orlando, after Las Vegas or Sutherland Springs, I believe
we can now make possible. Your movement—a grassroots, organic, student-led
movement—is making a difference. Creating change in our democratic system is
long, it’s hard, and it can be messy. But your wisdom, your passion and your energy
are moving us in the right direction. Don’t be discouraged when the path forward
seems blocked. Keep talking to your neighbors and friends,
and keep fighting until we finally take common sense steps to protect our students at school,
reduce gun violence in our nation, and save countless precious lives