Good afternoon. Almost exactly four weeks ago, I spoke to
you from Washington DC as I prepared to vote for the CARES Act, the largest of three Coronavirus
response bills the House passed in March. It was the CARES Act that created the Paycheck
Protection Program (PPP) and provided $349 billion in funding. It is important to note that in the House,
we were advocating for more than $500 billion originally for PPP but the Senate and Administration
would only agree to the smaller amount. Today I am back in Washington about to vote
for supplemental funding for the CARES Act. This is important legislation that will provide
crucially needed help for small businesses, for hospitals and health care workers and
for COVID-19 testing, a crucial pillar of getting our country open again, and our economy
growing again. You may have heard the arguments from many
of my Republican colleagues that this bill was delayed. It is a specious argument. Last week, Senator McConnell put forward a
bill that would have added $250 billion of much needed money to the PPP program but nothing
more. His bill would not have directed any more
money to small banks or to the small businesses that don’t have access to banks at all. It had no additional support for our health
care system or the heroic health care workers fighting day and night to save American lives. It invested not one penny for additional testing
capacity. The bill we are passing today will invest
not $250 but $310 billion into the PPP program. The extra $60 billion demanded by Democrats
will be directed through local banks, credit unions and community financial institutions
and targeted for our smallest businesses, the self employed, and the independent contractors
who were locked out of the first round. Unlike the McConnell bill, today’s action
will also expand the capacity of the SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan program by more than
$300 billion dollars…it will also provide $75 billion to our desperately stressed hospitals
and health care workers..and will deliver $25 billion in additional funding for testing. None of these things were in the McConnell
bill. All of these investments are the result of
hard negotiations, putting American families first, American workers first and American
small businesses first and foremost. This will not be the last bill responding
to the coronavirus pandemic. I know we have more to do, and my hope is
that Congress will be able to put aside partisan politics and work together. Because we will only beat back this virus
by working together. But together we will get through this crisis
and we will see brighter days. I remain certain that our best days are still
ahead of us because I remain certain of the American spirit. I see it everyday in the faces of our healthcare
workers, our grocery store workers, our police and firefighters, the truck drivers and cargo
handlers that move goods across our country, the countless businesses rising up to change
their production lines and make the PPE, sanitizers, ventilators and other supplies we all need. So again, I thank all our front line and essential
workers and I thank all of you how are staying home and keeping all of us safe. We’re in this together, we will come back
together. Stay safe, stay strong and stay healthy. Thank you.