Thank you Mr. Chairman. With more than a month left in 2017, there
has already been more than 300 mass shooting events this year. On October 1, we saw the worst mass shooting
in our history as 59 Americans enjoying a concert in Las Vegas were gunned down by a
single shooter ensconced in a hotel room. Jew a few short weeks later, 26 Americans
were mercilessly murdered while worshipping on a Sunday with family and friends at a Church
in Texas. Last week, just before Thanksgiving, four
people, including two children, were shot outside an elementary school in California. Our nation has experienced one mass shooting,
on average, each and every day of this year! This is outrageous. And this is to say nothing of the horrific
gun violence in cities and homes across the country claiming lives daily. Yet after all this, we as a Congress and as
a Committee have not considered any legislation, not one step, neither large nor small, to
meaningfully address the gun violence that is wreaking havoc in communities throughout
our country. Sadly, today we’re not here debating legislation
to address gaps in our background check system, or consider the rising problem of stolen guns,
or even regulate the bump stock that allowed the Las Vegas shooter to convert his weapon
into a functionally automatic one. Instead, this Committee is now marking up
a bill that will weaken what existing commonsense regulations we have in place. So-called ‘Concealed Carry Reciprocity’
undermines American gun laws by forcing states to accept the concealed carry permitting standards
of every other state, even if another state has no standards at all. My constituents want gun safety standards
to protect our communities, not a race-to-the-bottom policy that puts more of our neighbors at
risk. Illinois, in fact, has commonsense regulations
on concealed carry permits. For example, if you have had two or more DUIs
within the past five years, you do not have the right to obtain a concealed weapons permit. And Illinois is not alone. a majority of US states deny concealed carry
permits to people with multiple recent DUIs. This is a deliberate decision about who is
simply too irresponsible to carry a firearm in public
Yet this bill would steamroll over our states’ laws, allowing multiple offenders to carry
anywhere in the country, so long as they seek out any low-standards permitting system willing
to issue them a permit. In a new study, published earlier this year,
researchers showed that, among handgun owners, convictions for DUI and other alcohol-related
crimes are associated with a major increase—a four- to fivefold increase—in the later
risk of arrest for a firearm crime or other violent crime. In other words, these convictions are a serious
flag that a person is at risk of committing future crime. States that have decided to bar these offenders
have determined they are too irresponsible to carry in public—and Congress should not
be overriding that decision. My amendment to this legislation allows states
like Illinois to continue to enforce their state laws barring people with two or more
DUI offenses from carrying a concealed handgun. I urge my colleagues to join me on this amendment
to allow states to enforce commonsense rules preventing irresponsible concealed carry.