Hi. I am in my office, in our nation’s capitol,
preparing to cast my vote for the CARES Act, the historic $2 trillion relief bill that
will help our country confront the coronavirus crisis. I am proud to cast this vote after spending
virtually all of the past week working remotely with my colleagues, my incredibly dedicated
staff, and House Democratic leadership to help shape the bill so that it explicitly
prioritizes the needs of America’s health care system, of our workers and their families,
of the main street businesses and small and mid-sized enterprises that drive our economy,
and of the states and municipalities that define the heartbeat of our nation. The CARES Act will most certainly pass with
overwhelming bipartisan support. It should pass unanimously in the House just
as it did on Wednesday in the Senate. Admittedly It’s not a perfect bill. It has with plenty of compromises and concessions
by both sides. And in the urgency to complete such a large
piece of legislation at breakneck speed, I am sure we missed some things. But it is a good and necessary bill that needs
to pass today! I am proud to cast this vote on your behalf,
on behalf of all the people everyone in our district, our great state and our country. This pandemic is a challenge unlike anything
any of us have ever experienced. I know the American people have the spirit,
the ingenuity and the will to navigate this crisis and beat back this virus. And every one of us has an important role
to play. Let me first thank the people who are working
day and night to keep us healthy, keep us safe and keep us nourished. The health care workers—doctors, nurses,
orderlies, food preparers, housekeepers and so many others. These people are on the front lines of the
pandemic. As well I want to recognize and we all need
to thank the police and firefighters, the water and sanitation workers; local and officials;
and the people restocking our grocery shelves, cooking our takeout food, fixing our homes
when things break. They keep our communities working and help
make the necessary actions to wage this fight bearable. But the rest of us are also doing our part
by staying home to diminish the spread of this virus. I want to thank every one of you as well for
all you are doing and the difficult changes you are making to help protect our public
health. We all need to take steps to prevent the spread
of the virus so that vulnerable populations, including the elderly and people with compromised
immune systems are safe, and so our health care system has time to prepare not be overwhelmed. I like to think that everyone is a hero in
this story by doing their part. And I can’t wait until we can come back
together in person to share our own personal stories and thank all those who have made
such a difference. Besides spending much time on the CARES Act,
let me also take a moment here to touch on some of the other actions I and my team have
taken in the last two weeks. On March 14 I helped pass the second in this
series of relief bills, the Families First Coronavirus Relief Act. Every day I am talking with leaders throughout
our community including All our local mayors and village presidents
The CEOs of all the community hospitals Leaders of local nonprofits taking care of
our most vulnerable School superintendents
Labor leaders Leadership at Naval Station Great Lakes o
And reaching out to individuals throughout the district to hear your stories first hand This past Monday we hosted a webinar for more
than 950 small businesses with representatives from the SBA and our local Small Business
Development Center On each of the last two Thursdays we hosted
two telephone town halls, each with more than 8000 participants. And for the first time, last night we were
able to offer simultaneous translation in Spanish. In closing, I know this is a scary time and
we are asking everyone to do hard things. I am so grateful for all each of you are doing
and I am profoundly honored to be working for you. Together we will get through this. Stay safe, stay healthy, stay strong.