You’ve been asked a couple times today,
I believe, what steps you’ve taken since you spoke a couple weeks ago, October 18,
in the Senate Judiciary committee, what you were doing. Senator Sasse asked you there if the department
is doing enough to prevent foreign interference in our elections. Just to repeat what you said, and I’ll quote,
“Probably not. We’re not. And the matter is so complex that for most
of us, we are not able to grasp the technical dangers that are out there.” These are real dangers to our elections. Our elections are the foundations of our democracy. You also said, at that time several weeks
ago, it requires a real review. But today you said there is not review taking
place. My first questions is: I am very concerned. With the 2018 elections, less than one year
away, and given your acknowledgement that this is a serious complex matter that is deserving
of a real review, specifically what steps have you taken to protect our elections next
year? You raise a good point. I have not followed through to see where we
are on that and I will personally take action to do so. There are a lot of things that have been happening. We are working on a lot of great agenda items,
but this one is important and I acknowledge that. I should be able to give you better information
today than I am. And I appreciate that there are many things
that are important but I hazard to state, nothing more important to our democracy than
the integrity of our elections. As the head of the department of justice,
it is important, that as a nation, as others have said, that justice remained blind carrying
the balanced scale without a finger on the scale. We need to do that. But protecting our elections is important. What steps does the department need to do
to address these issues? What can we be looking forward as the next
steps? Well, one of the things that need to be done,
is our states need to review their own vulnerabilities. I would say our FBI has extraordinary capabilities
when it comes to hacking and those of kind of issues. We probably need to work on that with them. They should have a very important role. They are highly sophisticated in that. And then our intelligence communities also. To the extent that this is driven by some
foreign power, then we are dealing with international, potential international involvement. So, all of those agencies and states need
to be involved, I would think. I appreciate your interest because if we need
legislation it will take some aggressive push to get in, at least through the Senate. You said earlier, others have touched on this,
that the intelligence community has said Russia did try to interfere in our elections in 2016. You feel that that is still a statement of
truth, or is it open for question? I have no basis to dispute that. I do think they’ve said they don’t believe
votes were changed. As I see I’m about to run out of time. My last question—I’ll jump to the end,
is to what you were just touching on. Can I ask for your commitment to provide a
briefing to us on this committee that are interested in addressing this problem, making
sure, irrespective of whether it is a democratic or republican state, community, that we have
safe, sound elections with integrity. Will you meet with us? I would be glad to. I think that would be valuable.