Hi. Good Afternoon. I just want to share with you my relief, and
I'm grateful of the news that the Senate has delayed their vote on this disastrous and
irresponsible health care bill. But people need to keep making their voices
heard. This bill, not only would it cast 22 million
Americans off of the insurance rolls, denying of them of the protection and coverage that
they deserve, it's going to put an age tax on people nearing the age of retirement, forcing
them to pay more for insurance that they desperately need. And it's going to weaken protections for those
of us that have pre-existing conditions, and I would imagine that every one of us has someone
in our family or someone we know or work with who is living today with a pre-existing condition. So I am grateful that this has been delayed
and will continue to work to make sure we protect the Affordable Care Act, the progress
we have made and build on its successes, work on fixing its problems, and move us forward. This is an issue I've heard more about from
you than any other issue. We've received of 5,000 letters, emails, and
phone calls with people telling us their stories. One in particular stands out - the story of
a 40 year old mother who was diagnosed last year with leukemia. She has two young children, she's gone through
blood transfusions, a bone marrow transplant, and she shared with me - I'm going to read
just a paragraph from her letter - she says: "If the ACA is repealed, I'll fall into the
group with pre-existing conditions. With all the treatments I have had, I'm sure
I would reach life times limits if I haven't already surpassed them. It is already hard enough to be sick and fighting
for my life, but if my family had to choose if they could afford my treatments it would
be devastating." What the Republicans are trying to do with
health care is devastating to so many people, so many families, to, in fact, entire communities. So I will be continuing to work to make sure
we protect health care and start moving our nation forward, making sure that all Americans
have quality, affordable health care. Thank you very much.