Thank you Chairwoman Napolitano, thank you Ranking Member Rouzer. As a former member of this Committee, I am
proud and excited of the work we did together in the Water Resources Development
Act of 2020, and I appreciate the opportunity to testify before the committee today about our community’s
priorities for water infrastructure investment in Houston and Harris County, Texas for the benefit of our entire
region in the Water Resources Development Act of 2022. I have submitted to the Committee several
priorities, including project-specific authorizations and policy changes that will build on the
important work of this committee and on the historic, bipartisan Infrastructure Investment
and Jobs Act. There are two main drivers for our priorities,
and I know they are the priorities of this Committee and of this Congress: First, to support
economic growth through infrastructure investment, facilitating that investment and partnerships
in that effort and second, to make our communities safer and more resilient through infrastructure
investment. In the first category, I have asked for important
policy modifications to the Houston Ship Channel Improvement Project Benefit/Cost Ratios and
an O&M cost-sharing for ports and waterways that operate in depths greater than 50 feet,
and mechanisms through which private industry can provide user fees to support projects
like the Houston Ship Channel Improvement Project. I would be glad to discuss any of these common-sense
policy changes with the committee at any time. In the second category, I—along with, I'm certain, 
my colleagues from across our region— have asked the Committee to authorize the project outlined in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Coastal Texas Study Chief’s Report. I have previously shared some background on
this project with this Committee. Texans have spent more than a decade imagining,
designing, and working to address the historic events we have experienced in the recent past—from
Hurricane Ike to Hurricane Harvey—with an eye toward the future, with an understanding of the 
challenges that face us, and what that means to us is building infrastructure that is resilient to floods, storms, and other threats—and not fragile in the face of these increasing
risks. The result of that work is the 
Texas Coastal Study. And the time to authorize it is now. The project was developed as a result of the
Texas Coastal Study—a comprehensive study led by the Corps in partnership with the Texas
General Land Office to identify feasible projects that would reduce risks to public health and
the economy, restore critical ecosystems, and advance coastal resiliency. The Coastal Texas Study is a critical project
that would stop storm surges at the coast, protecting our region—and our nation—from
catastrophic damage. It protects the Texas coast, including the
Houston region, home to more than seven million people, and home to the Houston Ship Channel
and the Port of Houston—the busiest port in the country by total tonnage and home to
one of the largest, if not the largest, concentration of refining and petrochemical complexes in
the world. The economic damage to the United States in
the event of a catastrophic storm surge up the Houston Ship Channel would have dire economic
consequences not just for our region, but for our country. Essential products like gasoline, jet fuel,
plastics, fertilizers, and cleaning chemicals are all made at the Port of Houston. The Texas Gulf Coast is responsible for 32
percent of the refining capacity for our entire country, including an estimated 40 percent
of our country’s jet fuel that we rely on for our national security. The consequences of loss of that capacity
cannot be overstated as it relates to our national security. And with recent events around the world, 
as well as our need for energy independence and growth, as well as the protection for our supply chains—
is more important than ever, that we invest in this protection. Authorizing the Coastal Texas Study and the
Port of Houston policy requests is in our national security interest and our national
economic interest. It is smart. It is timely. And it is what we need now – for Texas and
for the entire country. Thank you for your consideration of these
important requests. I look forward to working with the Committee
on these projects and much more.