...other members. Ms. Fletcher, you're recognized for what
purpose do you seek recognition? Madam Chair, I moved to strike the last word and speak in
opposition to the amendment. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized. Thank you, Madam Chair. I want to thank you, and I want to
thank the Ranking Member for sharing her story of her life and her choices. Every woman in America has her own story to
tell, including the many women who have made different choices, including the many women, women that we all know,
who have chosen to have an abortion. There are as many stories as there are people in this country. And each person
deserves to write her own story, to make her own choices. And to tell her own story. This amendment really undermines
the numerous ways in which this legislation is trying to help the American people, and especially women in this
country, live their lives and write their own stories. Because right now, the story I hear most often is of women
and men who cannot afford health care who cannot have access to health care. And in my own home state of Texas, right
now, I am hearing from women who cannot get abortion care who cannot get the care that they need. And it is
heartbreaking the stories of people in these situations. We know that this bill will improve the lives of the American
people through rebuilding our public health infrastructure, strengthening our health care workforce, preparing for the
next pandemic by improving maternal health outcomes, which Ms. Schakowsky talked about. But instead of recognizing the
benefits in these policies and the underlying committee print, this amendment distracts us from them by raising the
the issue of abortion and going back to these divisive policies and representative to get was talking about
restricting the use of funds as described in the Hyde Amendment, how that would really expand the history of the
Hyde Amendment. But I want to respond to something else that Mr. Carter said about the idea that the Hyde Amendment was
adopted 40 years ago, so it must stand. And I would note for the record, that in 1980, when it was passed, there were 17
women in the Congress 3.2% of the Congress. And someone said at the beginning of this debate, generally to the room, that
abortion isn't health care. It is. It is. Reproductive health care is healthcare. And for women, this is essential
care. A woman's uterus is a part of her body, a woman's ovaries are part of her body. Perhaps that's not obvious to
the men in this room. But it should be. And going back to the 1980 Congress, perhaps it doesn't surprise me that they
didn't know everything that they would know about women's health care. It was around that time, speaking of personal
family stories, that my grandmother's ovarian cancer went undiagnosed, and she died because her doctors didn't think
to look at her reproductive organs. Instead, they removed her gallbladder. Reproductive care is health care.
Reproductive care is health care. And it's time that women have a say in the discussions about our own health care,
about our own bodies, including abortion care. The women in this country elected this majority in this Congress, and Mr.
Crenshaw mentioned that there's a long standing agreement about abortion. Well, that long standing agreement from 1980
was between a bunch of men. Women have a role in this discussion, and women are talking about the issues that
matter to them. The Congress, this Congress, is more representative than the Congress that enacted the Hyde
Amendment, and this amendment to this bill does nothing to improve the underlying bill. The purposes of the funds
included in this committee print are for uses other than abortion. This amendment only serves to further stigmatize
and hurt those people who need access to abortion, including low income women and women of color. As Miss Schakowsky
noted, we have a maternal health crisis in this country. According to recent reports, the United States has the
highest maternal death rate among similarly developed countries and is the only industrialized nation where those
deaths are rising. The CDC says that in my home state of Texas, a state that has not expanded Medicaid, a state that
this committee print will help the women in my state, we hav  a higher mortality rate, maternal mortality rate than the U
 average, and black women in my state are disproportion tely affected, accounting for 11% of live births and 3
% of maternal deaths. That is what this title seeks to help. This amendment injects harmful ideologic rhetoric rhetoric
into this committee print and into this committee m rkup discussion. And for that reason, I will vote no. And I
urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment and any other att mpts to limit access to women's reproductive health 
are, including abortion care. Thank you, and I yield  Thank you. Members. We're going to take a 10 minute recess
to reset the WebEx stream.