mr. acting AG I actually wanted to ask you some questions regarding what you did prior to being acting AG it's my understanding that before you move to the Department of Justice that you were the executive director of the foundation for a Canterbury in trust miss Cheerilee point of order mr. chairman they consider the German I have act affordable servant of ethics watch have a made full use of the opportunity to call for my point of order by the very statement from the gentlelady is an outside of the scope of an oversight investigative hearing on the Department of Justice it is not you need to la dee will suspend that is not a valid point of order the gentlelady will continue Thank You mr. chairman I'm like a born of water overthrowing town the house rules that the question is outside the scope of measure are you just going over on a point of order yeah because your gentlelady will suspend I I ruled that it was not a valid point of order and the gentlelady has the floor the gentlelady will continue thanks I was not through with my point of order bill the rule in the chair boat moved to table I moved to table motion to motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair is before the committee motion to table is not debatable the clerk will call the roll one moment while we set up the clerk mr. chairman may I make a unanimous consent mr. chairman mr. chairman votes aye ms Lofgren miss Jackson Lee miss Jackson Lee votes aye mr. Cohen mr. Cohen votes aye mr. Johnson mr. Deutsch mr. Deutsch votes I miss bass miss Pascoe sigh mr. Richmond mr. Richmond votes aye mr. Jeffries mr. Jeffries votes aye mr. Cicilline mr. Cicilline votes aye mr. swallow mr. swallow votes aye mr. Leu mr. Roskam mr. Raskin votes I miss Jaya Paul miss Demings miss Demings votes aye mr. Correa mr. Correia votes aye miss Scanlon miss Scanlon votes aye miss Garcia miss Garcia votes aye mr. Nagus mr. Nick goose boats I miss Macbeth miss Nick bass votes aye mr. Stanton mr. Stanton votes I miss Dean I miss Dean votes I misma carcel Powell I miss mu cárcel Powell votes I miss Escobar I miss Escobar's votes aye mr. Collins mr. Collins votes no mr. Sensenbrenner mr. Chavez mr. Gohmert mr. Jordan mr. buck mr. Ratcliffe miss Roby miss Roby votes nay missed mr. gates mr. Johnson mr. BIG's mr. BIG's votes no mr. McLintock mr. McLintock votes no mr. schoo ms Lesko votes no mr. Renne russian Beller mr. russian ballet votes no mr. Klein mr. Klein votes no mr. Armstrong mr. Armstrong votes no mr. studi Jenny is there any way any member of the committee who hasn't voted who is Yusuf Islam miss Lofgren miss Lofgren votes aye any other member who hasn't voted two wishes to vote the clerk will report mr. chairman the eyes are 21 the nose are eight that case the motion to table is adopted we returned to his bass