Well thank you Mr. Speaker let's all be
honest with each other. We are here today right now because of
anti-Semitic rhetoric from one member of this chamber said again and again and
again. We would not be on this floor right now otherwise to discuss this
topic. If that member was a Republican that members name would be in this
resolution and this resolution would be all about condemning anti-Semitism and
would be done so forcefully. That member in January had to apologize for
talking about a hypnosis of Israel that they have over the entire world. That
member had to apologize in February by saying if you support Israel it must be
because you're bought off by Jews. That member called it an unequivocal apology
even though she filled it with equivocation and now we're back again
this time by saying that if you support the US-Israel relationship that you must
have pledged allegiance to a foreign government. Except this time that member is refusing to apologize.  Even if you gave that member every benefit of doubt that she had no idea what she was doing why now wouldn't she be apologizing? why would she be more emboldened to refuse an apology altogether? I apparently am
giving Rep Omar more credit than the Speaker is because I don't believe she
is naive. I believe that she knows exactly what she's doing.
it is an American value by the way to have reasonable legitimate criticism of
a government whether it be the US government, Israel or any other
government. It is not an American value though to be hurling anti-Semitic
rhetoric. Anti-Semitism must be condemned unequivocally and emphatically. We have
members of this chamber who associate with Louis Farrakhan who says "Hitler was a very great man." Let's talk about a double standard. In January we
all came to this chamber we condemned white supremacy we named a Republican
member we kicked that member off of his committees. He can't serve on the Small
Business Committee but this member will continue to serve on the House Foreign
Affairs Committee but no now we can't come here and just emphatically solely
forcefully condemn anti-Semitism and name names but if it was a Republican we would. It's time to call out these statements for what they are:
pointed, bigoted, unreasonable, illegitimate, anti-Semitic. I commend my
colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have been speaking out about
all this anti-Semitism. A few members come to mind:
Chairman Engel, Congressman Deutsch, Chairman Nadler, Congresswoman Lowey, Congressman Gottheimer. Many of my colleagues on the other side
of the aisle I believe to their core know how very wrong this is and there
are many other members to name as well and I'd be remiss if I didn't take this
opportunity to say thank you to each and every one of them because support of
Israel, support of Jews, standing against anti-Semitism has been bipartisan in the
past, it should be bipartisan today and should be bipartisan for every moment in
the future. I yield back.