mr. speaker today I rise to recognize dr. Toby cosgrove an innovative leader and the recently retired president and CEO of the Cleveland Clinic hospital system I'm fortunate to know dr. cosgrove personally and I'm privileged to call him friend some say a picture is worth a thousand words that was certainly true of Toby cosgrove Toby was an accomplished sailor as a young man that was his path until he saw a photo of his neighbor in an operating room that photo inspired dr. Cosgrove to become a surgeon he graduated from Williams College in Massachusetts and earned his medical degree from the University of Virginia School of Medicine after Medical School dr. Cosgrove served our nation in Vietnam as a captain in the US Air Force he was awarded a Bronze Star and the Republic of Vietnam commendation medal for his service during the war dr. Cosgrove joined the Cleveland Clinic staff in 1976 dr. Cosgrove was a world-renowned heart surgeon for more than 30 years he performed more than 22-thousand operations and pioneered the first minimally invasive heart valve surgery throughout his remarkable career he acquired 31 registered patents dr. Cosgrove took the helm of the Cleveland Clinic in 2004 and made the health of the clinic employees a priority some of his wellness initiatives included implementing a smoking ban on all campuses ensuring healthier food options in cafeterias and opening weekly farmers markets during his tenure dr. cosgrove focused on enhancing patient outcomes and a better patient experience dr. Cosgrove is credited with instilling a vision and culture that has led to the cleveland clinic being described as and i quote a role model of healthcare delivery he coined the phrase patients first and made headlines by hiring America's first chief experience officer to ensure caregivers were meeting the medical physical and emotional needs of patients dr. cosgrove led the expansion of Cleveland Clinic's footprint to over 100 locations in Northeast Ohio including 10 regional hospitals and 21 family health centers under his leadership the cleveland clinic has become Ohio's largest employer total visits increased to 7.1 million and research funding grew to 260 million the Cleveland Clinic Health System includes facilities in Florida Nevada Canada Abu Dhabi and a new London facility scheduled to open in 2020 dr. Cosgrove stepped down at the end of 2017 in tribute the Cleveland Clinic community came together to raise over fifty million dollars for the cosgrove transformation campaign to honor his career and legacy the Koz go the cosgrove transformation campaign will ensure cleveland clinic remains a world leader in innovation research education and improving the patient experience on behalf of the people of the 11th Congressional District of Ohio I think dr. Cosgrove for his years of innovative leadership at Cleveland Clinic and his commitment to improving the health and wellness of those we serve there is no question that dr. Cosgrove's impact will continue to be felt for decades to come Mr Speaker I yield