the chair recognizes mr. Stuber thank you thank you madam chair mr. Behm these are going to be particularly in the lottery act going from the lottery to the first-come first-serve I just want to ask you a few questions in your testimony you stated that your goal quote is to distribute the quota of permits to the public in an equitable manner if you were not aware my constituents in Ely Minnesota and Grand Marais Minnesota have little to no access to reliable Internet do you expect co-operators in the district with unreliable internet service to compete with folks nationwide that have strong internet access sir I was actually not aware of the limited okay thank you and I'm glad you said you were not aware of that furthermore your testimony claims the improvements include search and navigation tools that more intuitively provide access to information and the ability to return results based on a map search or areas of interest and allows the ability to directly communicate with staff and visitors I would like you to read on to read some complaints to you this is on March 6th this is a terrible system on there and ready before 9 a.m. and did not get a single permit not the experience we were hoping for when we booked this trip originally on March 4th this was too stressful please bring back the old system one more hey Bob I just got off the phone with rec gov for 45 minutes by the time I got a human the D use permits for the month of June were gone that trip is one of our favorite things it's just too bad a consistent complaint I hear is that none of my co-operators or local citizens mr. Behm that know the area well were ever allowed input was there any local input in the change not telling them about the change but there was was there local input on the change sir I'll have to get back with you on that okay thank you my question or my Comet is this I help mr. Bama held to meeting by the way I want to say thank you for your service as a representative United States Forest Service thank you I want to thank you for that all these years you have a lot of experience but I want to tell you about an experience I had in a meeting when a cooperator in Ely Minnesota has been doing it for 50 years because I had a hearing over this disaster that the Forest Service pushed on us he said congressman Stauber it's a waste of time to work with the Forest Service because they haven't listened in 50 years that was a grieve and a great concern to me because mr. Behm who is the u.s. Forest Service and who do they work for we work for the American public sir thank you we the people and to have the u.s. Forest Service take a system that they felt didn't work and shove it down the throats of the co-operators in Ely Minnesota and Grand Marais in the most beautiful pristine wilderness that BWC that this country has to offer and change it without any input is disgraceful and when I have a cooperator in Ely Minnesota mr. Behm the economy is real fragile these co-operators need the business and when a cooperator says this change in one group of people cost him $15,000 that's real money mr. BIMM I am disappointed in the United States Forest Service and I would tell you this not our local foresters but I'm disappointed that this decision came from Washington DC this is exactly what the concern the public has with bureaucrats making these decisions the BW ECA is a beautiful wilderness for us all to enjoy and the u.s. Forest Service went and changed the way the system was to work and when I asked why well we had some complaints that was why mr. Behm in your testimony in your testimony you state reinstating the previous lottery system would cause management challenges mr. Behm I tell you what management challenges for the bureaucrats in Washington DC don't even equate to the problems the co-operators have in Ely Minnesota and Granberry so your management problems mr. behmen the US Forest Service are brought to Ely Minnesota where we can't even get people to get into the permitting system and the co-operators are losing money so my constituents matter more than your management problems mr. Behm I will say this the u.s. Forest Service must start listening to the people you said you work for the people madam chair I yield back Thank You mr. Stuber