Okay, we're ready to start.  Good evening and thank you all  for joining us here today as we  discuss important issues around  gun violence and how it is  affecting the lives of our  youth. I am proud to host this  event tonight with Rep Stephen  Horford. Rep Lucy Mcbath and  rep Blunt Rochester who in  addition to being tireless  advocates for their districts  also serve as champions and  leaders on this issue in  congress. We are happy to have  joining us as our moderator,  pastor Michael Mcbride director  of Urban Strategies and Live  free campaign. Pastor Mcbride  has many years of experience in  community advocacy and activism  and we are very grateful for  him sharing his passion and  experience with us today. Right  now, the United States is on  pace to record the most violent  year in terms of gun violence  in nearly two decades, gun  violence is impacting so many  communities across the country  from Illinois to Georgia to  Nevada, in Delaware gun  violence is a public health  epidemic and we must treat it  as such. adult or child. black  or white, Republican or  Democrat. People are being  affected by gun violence. every  single day but undeserved  communities of color and  low-income communities are  bearing the brunt of this  crisis and increasingly  children are being impacted by  the cycles of violence whether  through being hurt or killed,  losing loved ones, or coping  with the violence in their  neighborhoods. We must on the  root causes of gun violence  while taking preventative  measures especially in our most  vulnerable communities. Parents  should not have to bury their  teenagers and our youth deserve  to grow up playing in parts  without fear. It is time for  congress to stand up and help  them funding community violence  prevention is essential in  protecting the lives of  Americans. We must give our  communities the necessary  resources to end this public  health crisis. give our  children a chance to grow up to  be doctors, teachers, and  future leaders. I have the  privilege tonight to be joined  by one of those future leaders,  Trayvon Bosley, a young  activist from Chicago who lost  his brother at the hands of gun  violence. Trey's activism has  led him to speak in front of  thousands including at the DC  Rally and I'm proud that he was  my intern With that, I will  introduce my colleague, Stephen  Horford for a few opening  words. Followed by  Congresswoman Blunt, Rochester  and Congresswoman Mcbath  Congresswoman Congressman  Horford. Well, hello everyone  and thank you to my dear friend  and classmate Congresswoman  Robin Kelly and it's so great  to join with Congresswoman Lisa  Blunt, Rochester and of course,  Congresswoman Lucy Mcbath and  others who are champions of  this bill along with pastor  Mike Mcbride and all of the  young people who have joined us  uh to share their own stories.  Uh today across the country.  parents are worried about how  to keep their children safe As  Congresswoman Kelly said last  year, our country suffered a  single, the largest single year  spike in homicides on record  driven by a rise in fatal  shootings. Now, we we know that  this spike is unacceptable and  that the time for inaction has  passed. That's why we must take  concrete steps to keep our and  our community safe Earlier this  summer, my colleagues and I  introduced the Break the Cycle  of Violence Act, a  transformative bill to invest  in effective community based  violence prevention and to help  save lives and I'm proud that  as of yesterday or earlier  today, the senate has now  introduced their budget  resolution and reconciliation  That does include the  provisions of the break, the  Cycle of Violence Act as well  as funding for this bill Uh  we've still got work to do to  see it through the passage and  to the president's desk uh but  we are making tremendous  progress. We know that the most  powerful champions for violence  prevention are already embedded  in their communities as  mentors, faith leaders, and  teachers. That's why our bill  awards 5 billion dollars in  grants over 8 years to  community based organizations  that are best positioned to  address the of that our nation  faces community led efforts are  crucial to prevent violence  before it has the window to  occur. I know the difference  that these investments can  make. Personally, I've lived  them 28 years ago. My father  was shot and killed at the  corner store where he worked on  the historic west side of Las  Vegas where I grew up. It was a  random senseless shooting in a  a neighborhood that had been  plagued by gun violence before  years later, I came back to run  a nonprofit Nevada Partners.  Just a block away from where my  father was shot and killed. The  neighborhood was still  struggling but Nevada partners  never had any problems with  gang activity or violence  because our neighbors know that  this is where you come to get  help. Now, my story is not uh  dissimilar from others on this  call including Shanon who is  now a leader in our programs at  Nevada Partners helping to  break down the cycle of  violence and I know he's going  to share his own very  meaningful and impactful uh  story but it makes a difference  when we work with our community  instead of against them. That's  how you break the cycle. It's  how you save lives. So, as our  country slowly opens back up,  we must ensure that We are  taking action and making  investments to reduce gun  violence and violent crimes  throughout our communities and  that starts with conversations  like the one that we're having  today. So, again, I'm really  excited to be with all of you  to hear from you and I look  forward to working with my  colleagues to see that this  legislation gets passed. Now,  I'd like to turn it over to  another great friend and  champion for defeating gun  violence. Uh the congresswoman  the great state of Delaware and  the president's Congresswoman,  Lisa Blunt, Rochester. Thank  you. Thank you so much,  Stephen. Uh first of all, good  evening everyone. Uh I am  honored to join you uh to join  my good friends and colleagues  uh Representative Hosford for  your leadership. I'm so glad to  hear that our bill break the  cycle has made it another step  further. We know we are not at  the end yet and we are looking  forward to the day when  President Biden can It also to  congresswoman Lucy Mcbath, my  colleague, who has been a  champion and has come in with a  passion and a purpose to get  things done in congress,  particularly around this issue  and then our host this evening,  Robin Kelly, who is a true  champion and for those of you  who are watching, she never  lets any of us forget that this  has to be job number one. So,  thank you so much to my  colleagues. It's good to be  with pastor Mike um especially  because who know me know I  believe in the word from the  lord and that faith without  works is dead. So, this is  really about us doing the true  work of getting things done and  lastly, I am so honored to have  joining me from Delaware, Theo  Wilson. Now, I'm not going to  say anything about Theo's  story. Theo can talk for  himself and share his story  with you but what I do want to  say about Theo is that he has  taken pain and turned it into  purpose and that's really what  this is about as well. So, I  want to first say I'm honored  to be with all of you. Um I  also want to say that you know,  coming from Delaware um just  like myself and Theo will tell  you the president. Um we are  not immune to gun violence and  violence in our communities. As  a matter matter of fact, our  city Wilmington was one that  actually the CDC came in and  looked at gun violence as an  epidemic because it was just  the numbers were so staggering.  Um just Someone called me about  his daughter and and her fiance  getting shot just yesterday and  killed and so every day, um  these stories are in front of  us but what we're here to do  today is to say this is about  us taking action and us  breaking the cycle of violence  and so I'm so glad to be  joining you. Um you know II  have to also share that. The  reason why this is also  important is because what we're  doing with bill. and with this  conversation is looking at  evidence based solutions that  help break the cycle. Whether  it is community outreach  programs, um some which Theo  will talk about the hospital  based interventions to youth  employment opportunities. We  know just from speaking to  people in our own communities  that there are are many  barriers out including  unemployment, fentanyl, mental  health issues, uh lack of food,  all kinds of things that  contribute but we're here to We  want to break that cycle. The  most important thing about the  conversation today though is  that we're going to hear from  young people. It's not about us  talking. It's about hearing  from young people, hearing your  voices, and taking those voices  and turning it into real  action. Um I am glad now to  turn it over to the  congresswoman from the great  state of Georgia again, who has  brought both the intellect and  the work ethic but also the  heart and the passion to get  things done in congress. Ladies  and gentlemen, young people,  Please welcome Congresswoman  Lucy Mcbath from the great  state of Georgia. Well, thank  you so much uh representative  Blunt Rochester. Thank you for  the great introduction. I'm so  I'm so proud to work with each  and every one of you and thank  you just so. Thank you so much  to my colleagues representative  uh Robin Kelly. I had a chance  to meet Robin and she and I  have worked together. We knew  uh the battle that each of us  was working in gun violence  prevention law before I even  came to Congress and I knew  that she was on the front lines  in Chicago Illinois where I'm  originally from. So, you know,  her name preceded her. I knew  of all the good work that she  was doing to save lives long  before I came to Washington and  as Lisa says, she is a  stalwart. She is the frontline  warrior for each and every one  of our communities for everyday  gun violence and also, you  know, to representative uh  Horford. Um just so great to  have such wonderful advocates  and I'm so sorry as a survivor  as well, you know that he has  taken up this mantle um but I  understand his need to make  sure that Everyone is living a  life. uh where there is no  threat of gun violence and and  Lisa absolutely. Uh she is the  president's right hand. That's  what I say. She's the  president's right hand and I'm  so grateful to be able to serve  with her and and to glean from  her and also really pay  attention to how she serves and  I try to emulate her in so many  different ways but thank you.  Uh very special thank you to  each of the young people that  is with us tonight that you're  joining to share your stories  because stories are what matter  and stories in this movement  moves people and stirs them  into action and and thank you  to everyone that is joining us  online tonight uh and I cannot  forget of course my good friend  in the front line warrior,  pastor Mike Mcbride who has  been just such a powerful  advocate for gun violence  prevention in our communities.  So, I had the opportunity to  travel around the country with  him uh very early on before I  came to Washington and he's  always been just a powerful,  powerful advocate in the  streets in the trenches doing  the work that needs to be done  but I'm so glad that we are  really taking this time today  to continue to work to end gun  violence uh because it takes  every single day day of our  lives. advocacy and um movement  every single day to really  eradicate the fear of gun  violence already this year, we  have taken some important steps  toward that goal as was  mentioned. You know, I was very  proud to co lead with a letter  with representative Kelly and  my colleagues calling for both  new investments in gun violence  prevention and President Biden  actually echoed this call by  including significant funding  for gun violence prevention in  his proposed budget. Yes, this  is due to the advocacy and the  on ground uh mobilizing and  organizing that you yourselves  have within your own  communities. Now, I was proud  to join Representative Horford  in introducing the break the  Cycle of Violence Act. If  passed or I will say when  passed this legislation will  provide much needed funding for  evidence-based research based  community programs that we know  will save lives on the American  rescue Plan that we passed this  past March included funding to  jump start local law and  community programs. This one  time funding is a great step.  It's not the only step but it's  a great first step but we have  to do more to make sure that  our communities continue to  have the ability to have the  resources to save lives and we  can't stop with these  investments. As I said, this is  just the beginning. so much  more financial investment and I  will say Capital capital is  also needed to make sure that  we are saving lives. We also  need to change our laws. The  house has passed the bipartisan  background check act and also  the senate needs to pass it to  so that we can make sure that  background checks actually work  to keep guns out of the hands  of those who shouldn't have  access to them. I've also  reintroduced the federal  Extremist Protection Order Act.  It's a bill that would make it  such that every American and  law enforcement officer in this  country has a tool to act when  someone is in danger to  themselves or to others. These  bills are critical to  preventing all forms of gun  violence including mass  shootings, partner violence,  and suicide. I am continuing to  fight for these bills as my  colleagues and I are and I'm so  glad that we are all joined in  this fight together because it  takes every single one of us to  change this extremist gun  culture. We need each everyone  of you to stay engaged. If  we're going to make these  changes together, I believe  that we really can save lives.  I know that it will happen and  I believe that my son, Jordan,  who's no longer with us would  be so proud of the efforts of  each and every one of us here  tonight especially our youth.  He would be so proud of you and  cheering you on knowing that  you are doing the best that you  possibly can to make sure that  no one, no one ever has to be  in fear of losing their  unnecessarily. So, thank you  all for joining tonight. Thank  you to our amazing youth and I  look forward to this great  discussion. and at this time,  I'd like to make sure that we  are turning our program over to  our phenomenal phenomenal as I  said, pastor Mike Mcbride Well,  I just want to uh again just  appreciate all of these freedom  fighting, peacemaking warriors  on this call. It's just an  amazing amazing blessing um to  see the food all of our work  and the fruits of our labor Uh  before we jump in, you know,  August the ninth is such a  sacred day for many of us who  have been working to address  all the many ways by to visit  our community as Michael Brown  was uh killed nine 7 years ago  on this day and so uh I just  want to acknowledge the Brown  family and all our Saint Louis  family and many others I know  uh violence in our communities  has visited so many cities  across the country. So, it's a  very sacred day today and uh  just lift up uh all of the  freedom fighters who are  working to that end. Um it is  exciting to be able to join  this conversation. I am also on  the Facebook page uh  Representative Kelly where a  lot of folks are chiming in.  So, if you're on Facebook on  any Facebook page, you can be  on one of Macbeth Pages page,  Blunt Rochester's page or  Kelly's page. Type your name in  and what city you're from. we  want to see how many folks all  across the country are tuned in  to this conversation. because  we are literally watching  history unfold before our eyes.  It is a phenomenal development  as has been said that there we  are on the precipice of a  historic investment in the in  the gun violence prevention  efforts. that is about putting  real community uh leadership  strategies, ideas, and healing  front and center and to have uh  these four congress members  along with so many others um  being the tip the spirit in  this effort. I want everybody  to just celebrate uh our  congress members on this call.  We gotta celebrate them y'all  because people complain with  folks don't do nothing.  Somebody say man, right? But  now they're doing something and  I want them to know that they  have an army of people who are  so appreciative that you all  are doing this. So, I want to  say thank you to you all uh for  helping us get this first step  but as it's been stated, we're  here for we're here to hear  from the young people We're  here to hear from the young  people who literally have to  face walking to schools every  day often through war zones who  have had to attend funerals of  their friends or their family  members. uh often uh uh half  dozen a dozen funerals before  they graduate high school uh  have had to sit in hospital  rooms and memorials watching  too many of their uh friends  and family uh die at the hands  of gun violence. Some of our  speakers may have actually been  victimized by gun violence  personally and so we believe  that those who closest to the  pain must be in the solutions  and to have these four young  folks on this call tonight.  phenomenal young people from  across the country. We want to  give them a few moments just to  themselves and young people  don't feel the pressure to uh  you know, say everything you  want to say in your first  introduction because I'm going  to come back and ask you some  questions and give you an  opportunity to kind of go  deeper off of what you or  others say but let's just start  off with um let's start off  with our our our our uh  Natalia. Am I saying that  right? Um it's Lala Lala. Hi,  my name is Lala. I am a I'm a  member of the students in  Action National Advisory Board  and a survivor of gun violence.  Thank you so much for being  here. What city, what city are  you from? Georgia. Georgia in  the building. Are you see  represents raising the roof  already. Alright. It's about  that. It's about to be some  tripping around. Peacemaking in  here. Let's go to uh brother  Trent. Trayvon, tell us your  name and what city you're from.  Hello, uh my name is Travis.  I'm from Chicago and I'm from  the Braves here in Chicago.  Alright. Alright.  Representative Kelly, she was  she was singing your praises  but I don't know if you saw  that. Alright. Uh Theo, tell us  where you're from brother and  uh your your full name make  sure I'm saying it right. You  good. or or you can call me and  I'm from Wilmington, Delaware.  I'm 21 years old and I'm here  with the community intervention  team. We're ACIT for sure.  Alright, the president's right  here. Just gave you a big shout  out. So that means you you you  got a cheerleader over there.  Alright and uh Sean, I want to  make sure I'm saying it right.  Let us know where you're from  and what city Uh yes. Uh you  said it right. My name is Sean  and I'm from Las Vegas, Nevada.  I'm the president of the Nevada  Partners Youth Advisory  Council. It's a leadership  program and I'm happy to be  here wonderful. That's  everybody. Let's celebrate  these young people in the chat  on the screen. Come on y'all.  Put your hands together. Throw  up a big fist. Uh hit a heart.  Me. Let's appreciate them  because they're so courageous  to come on and speak about this  very important issue. Why don't  we first start with um brother  Trevon? Uh tell us a little bit  about your experience when you  think about the issue of gun  violence. um and particularly  in your own city. Um what what  would you want people to know  not just about your own  experience but what you think  solutions are as it relates to  addressing the issue of gun  violence. Okay? Uh well II.  First, I just want to start by  talking about how I got even  introduced to gun violence. uh  in 2005 in December. My cousin  Vincent is he was trying to  kill down the street from his  home and the following year on  April 4th 2006, my brother  Terrell Bosley, he was shot and  killed at church while getting  ready for band rehearsal and uh  from that time uh I started  getting involved with a lot of  uh activism within Chicago  which is why I joined the Brave  Youth Leagues and and that's  how I got involved in it. in  gun violence work. We just go  out in the community. We do  rallies, protests, mentoring,  whatever the community is  asking for uh as far as how to  counteract violence. Uh what's  something I would like people  to understand about Chicago's  gun violence is that uh we are  more than just numbers. Uh a  lot of times people just hear  the numbers. It'd be like  Seventy-five people shot, four  people killed. I want people to  understand that these are not  just numbers. These are actual  people uh who are losing their  lives. These are actually uh  your brother, your sisters,  doctors, lawyers. These are  actual people are not just  tallies but you can just as if  it means nothing. So, that's  one thing I want people to  understand as far as solutions.  Um we all know that gun  violence is a multifaceted  issue. Uh you know, we have to  work on our education system.  Uh a lot of other things but um  one thing people can do is just  in the community just be more  active. Each person can help  one person in their community  and that goes a long way.  Amazing. Amazing. Let me bring  you on in here. Uh down there  in Georgia. Uh obviously, I'm  sure you have a unique  experience of how uh has  impacted you. So, why don't you  just share what gives you the  passion? Maybe it's a personal  story that has impacted you and  and and and you heard brother  Trevon say it powerfully. You  know, people just got involved.  What would you say to folks on  this call that they're trying  to figure out what they can do  to make sure they can plug into  this work to save the lives of  so many of our young people  Okay. So first, I'm going to um  start off by saying a little  bit about my personal  experience relating to gun  violence. So, um like Trayvon,  my cousin was also shot and  killed but her her situation  was different from him from his  cousins. Um my cousin was shot  and killed trying to leave a  situation with an intimate  partner What? I think I think  that's what gave me my passion.  to pursue being an advocate  within the gun violence  prevention movement. and for  people wanting to get into this  movement and become advocates  for gun violence prevention. I  think just finding your passion  or your niche within the  movement and knowing what you  do best and how you can  contribute to what is already  I'm done with the gun violence  prevention movement.  Taylor.  Thanks for for lifting  that. you know, uh often we  don't hear um front and center  enough that intimate partner  violence particularly for black  women, Black women and girls is  a huge part of how gun violence  shows up in black women's lives  and so thank you for lifting  that up in our prayers.  continue to be with you and and  your family as you all continue  um to to to to live not only  that trauma but also be a part  of the healing and the  solutions. Um so thank you for  listening. I think that's very  important. Theodore. come on  and jump in here. Good bro. Uh  uh. up there Up there in in  Delaware. You know, I know that  um there's some tough spaces up  in there. So you I think you  say you're 21 now. Yeah, I'm  twenty-one. Yeah, man. So, tell  us a little bit about your  story and your journey and um  what what have you learned and  what would you want people to  know about how we address the  issue of gun violence Well,  first I want to say I started  getting into it around. well I  officially got it around like  2018 but in 2015, one of my  close friends like close family  friends was killed walking home  1 day. It was a black out and  stuff. So, he walked, he  decided to walk home  Tragically, he lost his life  and I would just like to say  that like if you would like to  help, all you gotta do is like  just support and talk to you.  Talk to your youth. Make sure  they know that they have  someone to talk to or someone  to trust and everything that  should be fun and so I'm a  little kind of like stuttering  and stuff but I'm just, I don't  know, a little nervous to You  think you fit in that fire, You  fit in that fire. I'm I'm going  to come back for a second  because I want you to think  about the answer to this  question. There's a lot of  folks who feel like How do I  even talk to young people? You  know, like there's this. Have  you ever heard of a  generational divide Like the  older people feel like the  young people not listening and  so, I would love for you maybe  just to share a quick story uh  after I go to Sean Gianna, I  will come back to you and maybe  you just share uh a quick story  of how an older person was able  to connect with you. Sometimes  people just need a good  example. Does that make sense?  Yes. Alright. Yeah, I'm coming  to you talking about man. You  know what I'm saying? Like  what? it's hot out there in  Vegas, brother. Yeah. And it's  the reason why why you have  such a passion for this issue.  Well, it's kind of interesting,  you know, because I see  everyone that has been affected  by gun violence but with me, I  was actually shot in the face  when I was seventeen. So, it  kind of hit me like, you know,  that was myself. You know, I  was like on the doorstep. So,  it's like that always affected  me but even since like the year  I got shot 4 months before  that, I've lost my first close  friend to gun violence and  since that year, I've lost um  close to 25 young people that  I'm close with um in the last  year and a half like it's been  crazy kind of out here in Vegas  and it's just with me, you  know, as I say, I always tell  my wild kids, you know, I  always say be the change you  want to see, you know, and me,  myself, I got shot. So, you  know, like I said, if if that  didn't change me, then what  would you know so I just  decided to do better. you know,  get out the streets, you know,  and try to push push the people  around me to do better and want  to see better because I know  like a lot of young people we  want we want want to see  better. we want to do better  but it's hard because you know,  with the stigma of social media  and Everything around us is  like we don't know where to  start or we're scared to start.  So, you know, I'm I'm the one  who's not scared. So, I'll push  Come on now. Come on now. All  y'all in the chat. Y'all better  put some snaps and some hearts  on these four young people.  They so courageously lifted up.  What what they said, man? Uh  Theodore will come to you then  we're going to go to Lala then  I'm I'm going to start bringing  the congress members in but  tell us one example, Uh theo of  of what uh one person did to  make that connection with you.  You know what I'm saying? So  people can have a sense of man.  This is all this is how easy it  is. Okay. so the the of the CIT  organization. Mister Darrell  Wolfe Chambers. He actually was  a close friend of mine. Well, a  close family friend and he  actually, my mom reached out to  him because she's saying like  the path that I was going down  on wasn't the right path. So,  she reached out to him for help  and he basically exposed me to  like more positive things. So,  once I got around that and  then, like basically showed  that to my friends, what I was  doing was positive and that I  was trying to like make a  change for myself. That's when  oh, I'm sorry. That's where my  friends and stuff decided to  follow behind me and decided to  like help out with the  community better. Come on. Come  on y'all. I want y'all to chat.  I hope you're hearing this  right. Sometimes we just  overthink it. You think you  gotta say all these super deep  things I see you want to jump  in? Representative Blunt  Rochester, jump on in here.  What is what? How's that make  you feel for the this is the  same. It's literally that easy,  you know, Well, first of all, I  think again that big props to  all of the young people who are  on here because sometimes  people think this stuff is easy  and and somebody Robin just say  we're proud of all of you. So  we're proud of all of you for  even doing this and as Theo was  talking, he mentioned CT um  which stands for community  Intervention team and he talked  about a guy named Wolfie  Chambers and one of the  questions when Theo was talking  and I thought the same, you  know, for some some of the  others, young folks is the  issue of retaliation like you  had a friend that was shot and  and and the CIT team partner.  Their goal is to help. They're  not to be this vicious cycle  like we're talking about  breaking the cycle. part of  that cycle is retaliation. So,  I don't know if Theo wanted to  share about about what is what  is and he's he works there now,  right? right there. Yeah. So,  I'm working on um is like I  said, community intervention  team where we focus on positive  youth development. um impactful  community engagement and with  that, we hope to change some of  the community norms and with  that word help us show that  structural violence most likely  leads to physical and gun  violence. things of sort of  like um poor health care  systems, poor housing units,  things of that nature. There  you go. That's right. And and  you're right. It is. It is easy  to like once you, once you  care, I mean, I think that's  what with Theo was also saying  what he cares, You know, what  happened? Yeah. So, it it it it  it if you care, you'll you'll  figure out a way. I think I  thought representing Horford uh  wanting to hop in. This is like  a good old fashioned testimony  service folks just want to jump  on in, get on in here doc and  and and say say a quick word  Well, thank you pastor Mike and  and Theo and all of our young  people. You know, this is about  creating opportunity to break  the cycle of violence and and  the fact that you are now  working in a program that's  actually changing lives and and  lives and bringing young people  into the solution. That's the  motto we want across the  country and that's why the  investments in the break the  Cycle of Violence Act are so  important. Um today, we had the  Secretary of Labor here um  talking about you. employment,  right? Especially for black  unemployment. It's it's much  higher than unemployment for  other young people. Sixteen to  Twenty-four and what we know is  if you aren't in school and  you're not working right,  that's when trouble happens and  so that's why in addition to  investing in evidence-based  community based solutions that  work, we also want to make sure  you have those opportunities to  actually um get the job and and  not just any type of job but  jobs where you can really make  a difference and Lisa Blunt,  Rochester, congresswoman Lisa  Blunt Rochester has been  leading on this key provision  of the bill and we're still  working to make sure that it's  pushed as a priority because we  can't build back better as they  say and not make sure that  we're doing that for young  people uh particularly black  young people who've experienced  the trauma of violence or gun  violence in their communities.  Absolutely and I see on your  hands up. Like, like, like,  like like uh a popcorn. So, I'm  I'm come to you Trevon.  Alright, I'm you get ready  because I ain't going to let  the brothers, you know, uh uh  you know push you out so you  get, you won't speak out to  Sean Jeremiah. You're going to  bring up the rear but but jump  on in here because you heard  the congressman remember say uh  the importance of including  jobs and opportunity from your  experience feel like that's an  important part of this  conversation. Making sure we  have opportunity um and then I  want you to talk about trauma  and healing as well as another  part of this conversation but  go ahead brother Sean Alright.  so I believe um you know, as  young people, uh like I said,  I'm in wow It's a youth uh  youth advisory Council ages  sixteen to Twenty-four. You  know, that focuses on service  and social change. So like we  get to participate in different  things, do community service  and I believe that's a big part  because you know, as  congressman you know, getting  out of high school. It's like,  if you don't go straight to  college, it's like, what else  do you do? And on top of that,  you're not working in like the  pandemic. It made it harder  because you can't work and you  couldn't go to college. So,  it's like a lot of us are just  out here, you know, and we was  bored. You know, we didn't want  to stay in the house. So, we're  just kicking it and then, next  thing you know, we started and  that's when the violence  started to happen a lot. So, I  believe like I said, uh things  like my program and the boys  and girls club and like the  doolittle out here uh in  different places like that  could really real kids in and  give them a chance to be do  something important and  impactful. I think that's a  real big important and also  another thing I would just like  to bring up like uh uh miss  Lisa said um the CIT is like I  believe that's a big thing that  needs to be put everywhere  because when I got shot myself,  we didn't really have a Cit. It  wasn't it was no one to come  talk to me about what what what  I wanted to happen after, you  know, good and it was it was I  was lucky enough to understand  that you know this was the  second in life. So, you know  why I try to go ruin my life to  go be life in prison because I  want to get retaliation, you  know, but a lot of a lot of  young people don't think about  that. They're thinking about,  oh, he just took my friend. You  just took my cousin. You just  try to take my life. So I gotta  go get you know, I gotta go get  my lick back and it's like I  feel like that's something that  needs to be implemented to all  communities because that's  really important. Absolutely.  Absolutely. The time to jump on  in here because I do think as  you've mentioned the issue  around intimate partner  violence. It should not be lost  upon us. There are lots of  different ways that violence  gun violence impacts our  community but we always need  healing no matter how it comes  to us. We need healing. Talk a  little bit about the kind of  healing and help and all the  different ways that uh you all  have had to tap in and and what  other young people and family  members may need in order for  them to just be able to take  take a day 1 day at a time. So,  one thing that I would say is  think about one thing I would  say is how important mental  health is and health care when  it comes to trauma relating to  gun violence and trauma in  general. and also just getting  away from the stigmatizing that  comes with talking about mental  health and talking about um the  problems or the trauma that  young people are people in  general go through on a day to  day basis. That's what I think  when it comes to that but also  I think that just being able to  talk to somebody or being able  to understand yourself and your  limits and when you need to  vent or when you need to  release stress and or cry. I  think coming to terms with  yourself and be accepting of  yourself and what and how your  trauma affects you. I think  that in general is one of the  most important things to think  about first when dealing with  trauma and um dealing with your  mental health. Wow. that was so  amazing and and beautifully  stated and I want to thank you  for tackling that question um  and I hope all of us take for  everything she said. So. so the  heart, right? Like having  limits. Um it's okay to cry. Uh  brothers, fellas, she not just  talking to the sisters.  Somebody say man, right? Like  it's alright for us to shed a  tear and let somebody paying  out, right? And there's some  spaces that are safe. Uh Lucy,  I'm a representative. I call  her mother Lucy but uh  representative uh Lucy Mcbeth,  you want to jump in on this  point because I know that uh a  lot of our work from the  beginning has always been about  healing and it's been about you  know, uh safety talk about what  you're hearing and and and and  the work that you all continue  to do to make sure our federal  tax dollars are actually  invested in the healing and the  safety of our community. but  thank you so much. Um pastor  Mike and and of course, as you  know, my colleagues and I have  been beaten the pavement uh  really really working as hard  as we can on all of these  issues and we know that you  know, gun violence can't be  solved by one particular policy  or one particular bill. It's  going to take a series of uh  policies and bills and funding  as we're talking about funding  to make sure that we're  eradicating gun violence uh but  you know and and also to the  thing is that I'm so excited.  Um finally that you know, with  all the work that you've done  and and and community  intervention programs have been  doing work and gun violence  prevention for decades and just  years and years and years and  never had the resources never  had the means, never had the  manpower and now that those  resources are being put in  place to help our community and  uh you know, violence  intervention organizations and  communities do the work that  they need to do. I'm really  excited about that. that really  helps. Um I always say that  time we're able to change any  policy in Washington It all it  always starts from the bottom  up. It always starts with the  grassroots organizing and  mobilizing and and that's what  changes the culture and so with  all the work that is being done  now, it's really helped us in  Washington and helped our state  legislators to understand how  much resource and how many  tools need to be invested in  our communities to eradicate  gun violence and I'm just  really that this is happening.  I'm glad that this is being  implemented and of course, it  takes time to change a culture.  Uh we're seeing that now um but  I'm just really proud of the  work that we've done and as  we've said, there's so much  more that needs to be done but  I'm really excited with now the  connectivity between the  grassroots organizations, the  community, um gun violence  intervention organizations, and  all the work that's now being  done in the states and  connected to what we're doing  in the federal policy. has to  happen that way and I'm glad  now that gun violence  prevention is being looked at  this uh this way in such a more  holistic way but I've really  just have to say that you know,  the change starts with the  young people on the ground and  making sure that they have the  tools and resources  financially. that is our  responsibility as lawmakers.  That is our responsibility to  be able to give them the  financial means and the tools  so that they can go ahead and  do the good work that they're  doing. as I wanted to just  piggyback very quickly on what  um Lala said is that you know,  just trauma informed decisions  that these young people are  making. I'm just so proud of  them because they're making  these decisions to be engaged  and and so vitally involved in  their communities even through  their trauma and that takes a  lot of courage and a lot of  strength to do that because not  everyone can do that. Not  everyone wants to do that. So,  I'm more encouraged now to make  sure that we are continuing to  invest even more financial  resources in this community  intervention programs where our  young people are on the ground  doing the work because they're  going to be the change agents.  They're the ones that are the  key to gun violence prevention  changes and change the culture  in this country. Yes, yes, yes.  Come on, Trey Treyvon, come on,  hop in here bro and uh you  know, give us give us your your  your take. You know, there's  been so much said about jobs  and about healing and about  trauma, um about a good and  important programs that are  helping young people to heal  and uh to to to uh make make  their pathway through some of  these dangerous circumstances.  What would you say? You know,  folks are listening live.  People are chiming in the chat.  What would you say? What would  you offer to uh the audience as  we kind of start winding down  here  Uh I would definitely say to  the audience, you know,  understand that you are a  resource. Everybody has talent.  Uh everyone was given a talent  by god and you can't contribute  in any form of someone's life  like especially like we were  trying to do a program back  when the pandemic first  started. Uh we're like teachers  and everything because you  know, most students had to  learn online and most students  affected by poverty learning  online was a lot more difficult  than it already was in the  education system they were  already in. So, we wanted these  teachers to go out to be tutors  uh to tutor. Some of you within  the community to try to help  out and just understanding that  that is just one little thing  that one person can contribute  to this gun violence situation.  So, if you have a job or  something where you can bring  in other youth and other uh  grown people, especially young  men with felonies and other  records. If you have these  resources provided to your  community because all it takes  is one little thing to be the  difference and save someone's  life. man II. Want y'all  listen. I want y'all to take  note of these young people  because uh somebody gotta put  y'all on the track to to lead  the next generations of elected  officials and programs that are  doing this representative  Kelly. Uh I'm I'm kind of let  you have uh a little bit of the  last word on this because  obviously you uh I remember one  of the first time we met with  uh you and and you were talking  about the I uh jobs and all  these different other programs.  It must be just a wonderful  blessing to hear how all the  work is coming together. We  have over forty to fifty or so  folks online. uh various  different pages. I mean, it  seems like there's a  groundswell of support. Uh  seems like the wind is at our  back. I'm going to give all of  y'all a chance Uh just to let  us know what would you want  everyone to do to make sure we  can bring this across the  finish line. Well, first of  all, I just want to thank all  the young people and everything  you said we are taken to heart  and you know you're the wind  beneath our wings. Uh you're  the reason uh that we do all of  this uh Sounds like you need to  go into um being a psychologist  or a psychiatrist. We need more  black folks in the health care  arena, especially mental  health. So, think about it  because you have that down. So,  thank you so much. Um all of  you a role models and all of  you have shown that one person  can make a difference just that  everybody needs to try it  because it is going to take the  village. One thing we didn't  really talk about so much was  suicide and One thing we're  seeing more um suicide in the  black community and uh um more  than we've seen and you know,  we you know, like you said,  there's a stigma around mental  health but I just want to  encourage people. you know,  there are hotlines you can  call. There are people you can  call if you're ever feeling  that way and when you use a  gun, you're a lot more  successful than using uh other  types of ways to take your life  and using people that using  those other times. They're glad  that they survived. So, we just  encourage you to please, you  know, call hotline numbers. The  other thing, I always say,  nothing stops a bullet like an  opportunity and I think all the  young people talked about that  that um we need to give  opportunities whether it's a  job, a job, skills, a hobby,  you know, a mentor, um  furthering your education,  whatever it is. um that will  save lives and change lives and  then lastly, Um Trey's mom has  heard me say this and Lucy has  heard me say this and I'm going  to say it about Steven and and  Sean and all of you. Um you've  been shot. You guys have lost  loved ones but you did not  close your door. You you are  out there fighting. I respect  you so much for that that you  could say, you know what  happened to me? You know, I'm  just I'm not going to be  involved in that kind of thing  but each one of you choose to  be involved and to make a  difference and I just respect  all of you. so very much. You  are so selfless and III, just  think, you know, you're so  brave and courageous. I feel  like that about my colleagues  and about all of you young  people and thank you pastor  Mike for everything you do.  well III, I'm I'm I'm just  honored and and III want y'all  to know young people. There's a  whole army of peacemakers in  your city and across the  country. Uh we're part of the  Consortium. You got the life.  You got uh uh ready in Chicago.  You got Tf live free. I mean,  there's people all across the  country that want to have y'all  backs and so don't feel like  you have to do this work alone.  We want you young people to  enjoy being young I I'm glad  that y'all are freedom fighters  but enjoy your youth because  believe me, you ain't going to  be young. always. you going to  you going to you going to get  older and you have to carry the  way the world representative  Rochester. Any final words for  all of us and then we'll come  to representatives and then  young people, I want y'all to  give us a thirty 32nd Send off  your most powerful quote. I see  I already in the chat and  rhyme. So we let you read your  dear friend and brother on fire  representative uh Lisa Blunt  Rochester profound words to it.  Thank you. First of of all, so  much pastor Mike for  facilitating. Thank you  especially for the young people  for your voices, your power,  your passion, um and colleague  who I love. I love these  people. Um I as I was sitting  here, I was just thinking about  the week that I've had and as  as uh Stephen Horford  mentioned, I was secretary of  labor in Delaware. So, jobs,  jobs, jobs, and opportunity and  being an entrepreneur. So, what  we hope is that we can see not  just the old like one summer  youth thing but like things  that you can do all year round  that grow you technologically  that can give you skills to be  entrepreneurs to be and so  that's important. Another thing  is creativity and innovation. I  saw two programs this week. One  was an urban farming and it was  on a city block that is used to  having gun violence. They have  not had one shooting in in 2  years and and that was  innovative. I went to a team  warehouse in Delaware and saw a  trap yoga like dealing with our  our mental, physical, and  spiritual and trauma but doing  it in an innovative way. So,  innovation and creativity is  really important at this moment  and lastly, I would just say,  we can't lose hope. We gotta  keep the faith and this  morning, I woke up to  Lamentations and it was like  this. I recall to my mind,  remember where we came from and  know that there's so much more  to do. So, thank you so much  for everybody for your efforts.  Keep the faith preacher, man, I  need to give you my collar. I  need to go study again. Chief  preached the sermon on a Monday  evening. That was amazing.  Representative Hosford, any  final words to it? Well, thank  you pastor Mike and to my  colleagues and to the young  people. Uh once again, let me  just say um you all are the  solution Uh you absolutely give  us the purpose that we need. um  but we are counting on you to  help make sure that as we pass  to break the Cycle of Violence  Act that we are ready to really  mobilize this community  intervention solutions that  will work. Why? Because guess  what? There are people out  there right now who are trying  to make this about the crime  rate right? Or or uh the police  issues and all the other things  and not about you or your  future or your safety or what  it means to actually solve a  problem. So, we need this to  work. We need the solution to  work and I cannot think of a  better opportunity than right  now. Pastor uh Mcbride under  your leadership and all of the  organizations across the  country to prove everyone that  this is the way it's going to  work. Uh we have this President  Biden. and Vice President  Harris Um we have the resources  and we now need to put the  pressure on the process to get  this done. If it were up to us  right here on this call, it  would have already been done  right? But now, over the next  few weeks, we really do have to  mobilize for those who are  watching us on Facebook, you  know, contact our offices and  find out what you can do to  help put this over the finish  line but I just want to our  young people again. all things  are possible through god.  That's my scripture. That's the  one that holds me in my  foundation and I truly believe  that this is possible with each  and every one of you. So, thank  you very much. It's been great  to be a part of this  conversation. Wonderful mother  Lucy, say a word and then uh  young people, we're going to  come to y'all. give y'all 30  seconds to give us uh another  kind of closing closing uh  send-off Pastor Mike. You know,  I have to. I have to carry in  on the tale of what my  colleagues have said and you  know, I always believe in  Hebrews eleven one, faith is a  substance of things hoped for  the evidence of things unseen.  So, the fact that we are  believing that gun safety will  come to fruition for all of our  communities and we will not  lose one more young person, not  one more auntie, one more uncle  One more. grandmother. One more  grandfather. One more sister or  one more brother. I'm believing  and knowing that that is coming  to fruition because the word  says it will and so we're  standing on the word, standing  on the truth of what each and  every one of these young people  is doing in their communities  and it will come to pass and so  I'm just so grateful. I am not  worried about our future  because because they are in the  trenches and I'm so grateful be  able to stand alongside them  and fight for their futures.  Help them to fight for their  own futures. Yes. Yes. Alright,  young people. let's go to Theo  out of Delaware. Come on,  brother. Give us, give us a  final word. Good brother. Oh,  first, I would like to say  thank you for letting me speak  and one thing is like, it's  never too late to help. like  you think somebody is too deep  in the game or whatever they  say, just try to reach out. ask  them for help. Just listen to  him. Be there. Be a mentor for  a positive mentor for him.  Alright, Come on y'all on in  the chat. Let's appreciate  brother Theo all the way from  Delaware bringing his voice,  his experience. Uh love one.  please give us some final  thoughts and and they already  drafted you for all kind of  careers. So, uh but tell us,  tell us, tell us a final  thought. Um my final thought  would be to really invest not  only in your mental health but  also in community based  programs that fight for  intervention and fight for  making trauma informed  decisions that will impact the  way that gun violence is in the  future. Come on y'all. Let's  appreciate it. Thank Thank you  much for your eloquence and  your courage and your  brilliance. Uh brother Trey  from Chi-town Holler boy. Tell  us, tell us. tell us what you  got, man. Thank you. with some  of my uh people that are ready  to begin the fight against gun  violence. Understand that it's  a process and it happen  overnight but I think it can  change anything is possible. Uh  us hopeful for my people that  are worried about money into  the fire. We're not ready or  something else will do it. I  understand that gun violence is  a growing issue if nothing is  done about it today, it will be  at your doorstep. Thank you  brother Trey and Sean. Terry  wants to uh send us on out one  of his rhymes with a poem. So,  last word, brother Sean, Let us  know what you think. You muted  dear brother. Sorry about that.  I just want to say first thank  you to all the adults in the  chat because like we don't get  as young people, we don't get  to see this often, you know,  and this is what's going to  change this generation is you  guys putting your faith in us  because a lot of times we feel  like we might feel like y'all  don't care. You know, a lot of  young people might not feel  like I don't care. So, seeing  y'all actually put the time and  effort to hear us out is really  a blessing. So, I thank you  there but uh this poem is  called sorry Brianna. It was  for Brianna Taylor and I  started off as a Brianna, I'm  sorry. See Right You're  probably sitting down looking  for god's domain. See, we  fought long and hard. We  protest and campaign to get  your killers of rain but you  see, as we know, we live in a  system that cannot be swayed.  See, it's hard to get that  through my brain. It's hard to  explain why another innocent  black individual had to be  slain. Brianna, I'm sorry. The  way they killed you was so  inhumane. My parents told me to  calm down and pray but I'm  tired of it. It's driving me  insane. Brianna, I'm sorry. if  equality was a rain, our people  are in a drought but the Smurfs  from the officer's gun lit a  fire in the black community to  spread it out. We're going to  hit the streets. We're  screaming The celebrities are  going to use the clout. We're  going to win this belt. See,  Brianna, They did you foul.  Now, three murders. I mean,  officers are collecting checks  just laid back, sitting on a  couch and their wives are  probably proud. Brianna, I'm  sorry. I will not be silenced.  I will not be tamed to that to  you that I vowed. I call the  government another careless  officer acquitted that cannot  be allowed. Brianna, listened  to the crowds chance of Black  lives matter. What a beautiful  sound. Brianna, I'm sorry.  Thank you, brother Sean. Thank  you so much. Thank you so much.  It's been a pleasure um hosting  and to all of you all please  the Fun piece Coalition. we  have your back, both our  congress members. We have your  back. our young people and  community members listening. We  have your back. Uh reach out to  us in your city if you need  some support and uh we're going  to rock with y'all all the way  to the finish line.  Representative Robin Kelly,  I'll turn it over to you. Thank  you again for your leadership  and uh giving a bootleg  preacher another opportunity to  rock with you. God bless you  all. Just want to thank  everybody again. Uh young  people, you did a tremendous  job and we need to listen to  you and to my uh I think Lisa  Blunt Rochester said it uh that  she love you and uh I will say  the same thing. You guys are  fantastic and you you are the  wind beneath my wings. We we  keep each other going and we  are in we will tell the young  people who's ever listened. We  are in this fight until the  very We will have peace in the  streets. Um you can count on  us. I will tell you that and we  will continue to listen. So,  thank you to everybody that  tuned in. Pastor Mike, you did  another phenomenal job. Thank  you. Thank you. Thank you. and  really godspeed and blessings  to everyone and I can't get off  without saying please get  vaccinated. Please get  vaccinated. We want want to  save lives. Please get  vaccinated. Thank you so much  everybody. 