U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack hearing from Virginia's farmers today on how broadband is and, more importantly, isn't transforming their industry. Capitol Bureau reporter Jackie DeFusco found out how President Joe Biden's infrastructure plan could benefit them, Jackie. More than 35 percent of rural Americans still don't have access to high-speed broadband internet. Today, we found out why closing that digital divide is critical for keeping our country's agriculture industry competitive. The Featherstone Farm in Amelia County has been in the Whittington family for generations, but it's their access to technology that keeps the business up to date. Literally, when you don't have it, you get behind. Just within the last six months, a broadband installation on this tower, allowing their tractors to collect data using wireless internet and transfer it in real-time to map the soil. We’re limiting wasting resources because you're putting every seed where you need it. That precision often means higher profits and a smaller environmental footprint, but you don't have to go too far from this farm of the future to find people still living in the digital Dark Ages. As a whole, our community just needs greater access. Today, about 50 Virginia farmers meeting with U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger with a similar message. This country needs to make an investment in infrastructure in the largest extent if we want to remain competitive because our competitors are not stopping. President Joe Biden's American Jobs Plan, still being negotiated in Congress, calls for a $100 billion investment to connect every American with usable broadband, Spanberger saying federal dollars are urgent, especially in rural areas where investments aren't profitable for the private sector. We have to move past that patchwork effort because when there's a patchwork, there’s still holes, and many of those holes are in the communities that I represent. Reporting in Amelia, I'm Jackie DeFusco.