Hi, my name is Kevin Dede. I am from Billings, Montana. I was in the Air Force for 4 years. My name is Nick Little. I'm Division Director of Operations for Volunteers of America. We have a real comprehensive set of services that we provide. I'd been having troubles ever since my
deployments and everything with, you know, mental health issues and everything else of that nature so of course I subsided with drinking and partying and just going all out. So, it got to the point where I ended up, um, had a few suicidal attempts and this last one was pretty bad. I was in a coma for about 3 days. Woke up and then, uh, decided to come up here. Not only do we provide comprehensive services that can address housing issues, employment issues, but we also have strong relationships in several communities around the state. We have offices in Billings, Bozeman, Butte, Helena, Great Falls, Missoula, and Kalispell. I was jumping from couch to couch, doing that  you know, didn’t have a house, didn't have anything of that nature and then I decided to come up here to the program at the VA for PTSD and substance abuse. Went through that and it was honestly life
changing but then I went ahead and while I was there decided I was going to stay in Helena, that it was no longer probably the smartest decision for me to go back home. So, I did that and I was able to go to the
shelter here. We operate a grant through the Veterans Administration, in partnership with the Veterans Administration called SSVF, which is Supportive Services  for Veteran Families. It’s a focus utilizing rapid rehousing model for our most literally homeless, most vulnerable veterans in our state. I was able to go to the shelter here and live there for about 4 months until I was able to get a job and, the VOA ended up helping me pay for my first month’s rent and they helped me out for 2 months until I could actually carry on with everything else. Senator Tester has always been a strong advocate for our organization. And for veterans in general. He played a crucial role in us being able
to obtain our initial grant per diem, a partnership with the Veterans Administration and build Independence Hall up here in Billings, which has been a significant resource for our veterans. He’s also been an advocate for us for our
SSVF program, NHVRP and has written letters of support for our organization for all of
those projects. I would say one of my biggest things was I was so thickheaded and, you know, wanted to take care of everything on my own and it could have all been stopped if I would’ve just said “Okay, I need to go get help.” Like I said I fought it for 6 years on my
own after getting out and everything and trying to think that I was “Mr. Tough Guy” and stuff and I could handle the world, you know because, I mean, you got to be tough when you’re in the service man, that’s what they want you to be. So, I just say swallow your pride and I mean no matter what it is, you have to do it. If really want something better for yourself, you have to go out and get it.