say this, I have never been  more proud of each and everyone  of you. I mean that. This  couldn't have been done. I  don't know if you know how how  special this is. Um five  hundred and thirty-nine  applications. From around the  country. Lot bigger places than  that. A lot more let's say a  lot more influence maybe than  we have or whatever. But they  didn't have what we had which  is you and all of you.  Um when you think about Steve  and and you know I've known  each other for quite some time.  All of us have worked with  Steve, Doc and all of us have  known for a long time and done  a great job with the  enthusiasm. He works and comes  with every day with Amy. If we  ever needed a winning football  team, you need a cheerleader to  make it happen. And if you  don't do the job as a football  player, by guys, you're  going to take the ball and run  with it. That's what happens.  So when you have someone like  Amy that just basically truly  lives and breathes Charleston  and West Virginia and makes it  happen. That's that was  contagious county commission,  all of y'all. All mothers and  county commission. Working  together's partnership. You  know, so, the politics has  gotten so bad in in the country  now. I mean, they make you pick  sides. What side of you on the  D side and our side? Be on the  A side, the American side, the  rest of the work itself out. It  really will  having a Jim Hoyer I've I've  known General Hoyer for so  long. He was in he worked with  us in when I was in the state  senate and did a terrific job  there and I've seen his career  grow. Now being at WDU and what  what what he brings to the  table. Understanding West  Virginia in a way that most  people don't because he's had  to be able to serve for so many  years. Remember the call was  made. Uh and then to be able to  bring one of our best back  home. Uh not because we forced  him back home because he wanted  to come back home. Brad Smith  Now, our president at Marshall  University and to have our two  great universities.  Generation West Virginia  Director Alexander Weld. Um I  thank you so much and I'm glad  you had your husband especially  down the drive and drive you  and keep you safe. Uh to  Stephanie Kylie, where's  Stephanie? Stephanie was with  us earlier. Stephanie, thank  you again for all you do. And  one of the people that I've  seen that not only walks the  talks the talk but walks the  walk and has done it for a long  time. When noone believed. But  he can make a difference. No  one believed that maybe one  person with that much  commitment and desire to to  change things and the narrative  got left behind. And that's  random and Brandon.  I've been his fan for a long  time. This is because the  American Rescue Plan. We've all  gotten criticized especially on  the political lines about oh  that's just a big spending  bill. But there's one thing you  spend money. It's another when  you invest in. This is the  investment. When you get an  investment you expect a return.  You're going to see the fruits  of this investment. You're  going to see the return. That's  the difference. And that's what  government. Government should  be your partner. We're not your  provider. But we should be your  partner. And you need good  partnership. You expect back  and forth from voting. But when  you look at sixty-two point.  What what Amy didn't tell you?  $62. 8 million dollars in this.  Only 21 out of 539 got it. From  the top, the the highest one  was 65 million. We're the third  highest in the nation. To be to  be to be recognized is able to  do something. And when you look  at the Appalachian climate  technology, Gail being the  federal co-chair of ARC cannot  be more proud because a lot of  the investment that went went  into Appalachian. Because  Appalachians were all the heavy  lifting. Appalachians were  roared. Appalachians basically  where most of our military  people come from. Appalachia  has always always risen prisons  of the Asia. And now I talked  to Joe Biden and he running and  and he's been a friend for a  long time. We've known each  other. It's been an up and down  affair at times and but there's  always been a respect and a  friendship. When you got  friendship, it's gotta be  unconditional. You know, you  don't have to agree. We don't  have to agree on everything but  that doesn't ever ruin a  friendship because you don't  agree with me or I disagree or  we work through those. So, we  talked. I said, I I told  myself. I said, I said mister  Vice President at that time. I  said, he said, what's happening  in in your area in the state?  My politics have changed we all  know that. I said, because most  of the people thought they were  left behind. I said, you know,  as a transition comes in, I  said, we've done the heavy  lifting. We've never  complained. We've mined the  coal, made the steel, we've  done everything you've ever  asked us but when the  transition came, there was  nothing else for us to go to.  It's like people forgot us. He  said, gentlemen, make your  promise. That's not going to  happen. We will not forget. I  said, I believe. I do believe  it. Cuz I think you know, you  can't do strength. You know  what happened there. Same  things happen in Virginia. It's  21 counties that we're talking  about got hit the hardest.  Southern West Virginia. We have  to reinvent ourselves. And  Brandon's doing that every day.  What can we do differently?  What can we do better? How can  we expand? He'll tell me about  we'll tell you about all the  different things. You tackle on  what we're doing right now.  With what we done with the  bipartisan inflate the  infrastructure bill. But you  talk take about the bill that  we just passed. And noone  really knows. You know it's  politicize this bill. It truly  is the inflation reduction in  it. The amount of investments  it makes for the energy  security that we need today and  for the technology we need for  the new energy of the future.  This does it all. And we must  work together on this. They're  trying to politicize it and  tell you how bad everything is  in some politics. The only  thing that made this bill  politics. The only one thing  that made it politics was we  thought that all of the  wealthiest corporations in  America should pay at least 15%  tax to the Amazon of America.  That every corporation that  does business, it used to be a  20% minimum I we could not get  a Republican to sign on with us  And we went to fifteen. I said,  we got 52 corporations in  America. Let me tell you  besides these corporations. A  corporation they qualify. I  mean there have been subject to  this 15% minimum. Had to have a  billion dollars of book revenue  for three years. We don't have  one one in West Virginia. We  don't have any. We're paying  our fair taxes. You're paying  your fair share of taxes. Don't  you think other people should?  And then they they use the  thing of weed. I I hate to go  off it. I got a chance. I gotta  do it.  The IRS. They scared the  bejesus out of you. They're  going to hire 87, 000 agents.  They didn't tell you we're 40  thousand short right now. They  didn't tell you that. They  didn't tell you 55, 000 are  going to be retiring in the  next five years. Didn't tell  you that. They didn't tell you  that we have not done hardly  any audits on the high-end  earners because we can't  compete with their accountants.  They didn't tell you that. They  didn't tell you why you're not  getting your calls returned.  Why you're not getting your  returns back? Because we have  adequate equipment. They didn't  tell you that. And they didn't  tell you also that it was  Republicans that worked with us  on the previous bills that  identified this loophole that  basically was going on and we  should close it. When we  closed, I couldn't get him on  board. That was the bottom  line. That's the truth. So, all  this stuff that we're hearing,  Game, let's not divide the  country any further. Let's not  find a reason to be against  something. Let's find a reason  to be for it. This that we have  the opportunity before us right  now will transform who we are.  It will give Southern West  Virginia a chance to reinvent  itself. There's so much coming  and on top of that, we have the  48 C Tax Credit, $4 billion  dollars coming to coal country.  4 billion on top of all this.  Just identify Myself and Debbie  Stabenow, she put 4 billion in  for auto auto industry as it's  transformed itself. I put four  billion in for quota. So, any  place in the United States of  America has had either a whole  plant that shuttered, any type  of a coal, coal business or any  type of a co-found plant that  shutter down. You can attract  as we do now using this for  incubator. We can attract with  a 30% discount on their taxes  and in areas where we bring non  profits, we give them direct  pay. We'll help come into an  area. They never had an  opportunity before. There is so  much. My concern right now that  we have the labor force. This  is something. That's what  everybody up here works every  day on that. How do we  basically educate? How do we  recruit all of the West  Virginians and people who have  family and friends that want to  come back to West Virginia?  That's what this is about. and  again, just to say that the  opportunities that are coming  are going to be endless but on  top of that, to be recognized  in the United States as one of  the best they've ever put an  application in but we were able  to identify and show the need  and also show the ability for  us to transform in an area  that's done so much for this  country that got left behind  and finally make up for that.  That's what this deal. And  that's what each one of you  should be extremely proud.  Everyone of you. Because  without you putting your  expertise in making this  basically an effort. There was  two. We had two from West  Virginia. Uh made in the top  twenty. Uh I mean made it in  the top sixty. Final list. When  he had one. It's third in the  nation. It's right here. God  bless you. Thank you. 