My name is Sean Dzierzanowski. I'm a defense fellow from the
office of Senator Joe Manchin, an duty Marine officer and a 2011
graduate from the United States Naval Academy. I want to take some time with you today
to pass on some bits of advice as you consider and apply
for one of our nation's service academies. As you know, applying for a service
academy is a very difficult process. I believe, however, that
if you follow the four bits of advice I'll pass today to focus on your high school career
and to focus on the application process, that you can prepare a strong application
for one of our service academies and prepare for success
as a cadet or midshipman and as prospective officer
in the United States military. The first and most important piece
of advice that I can give you is to have a strong foundation
in math and science. Each service academy has a very demanding math
and science curriculum. Midshipmen at the Naval Academy,
for instance, are required to take three semesters of calculus, two semesters
of physics, two semesters of chemistry, two semesters of electrical engineering,
and a semester of thermodynamics. That's a lot. Take it from someone who occasionally
struggled at the Naval Academy with math and science that the stronger
foundations you can build in high school will translate to success
as a midshipman or cadet. It'll help you in your application
for the Service Academy. Take classes in algebra, geometry, trigonometry, pre-calculus, and calculus. Strive for the best grades that
you can get in any one of these courses. And if you can take an AP class
in any of these courses, do it. The second piece of advice
I can give you regarding your high school career is to be well-rounded
and seek leadership opportunities. The goal of a service academy is to train, educate leaders
and perspective officers in the military. You can improve your chances of acceptance
to one of the service academies. by starting this development now. Right now,
you should participate in a varsity sport, a club in your high school, or a job
or activity in your local community. More importantly, no matter what
you do outside of your classes, seek opportunities to lead. Moving on your application. As you apply for a service academy,
you rely upon teachers, coaches, mentors, employers, and community leaders
to help you along the way. You should reach out to these individuals
early and ask for letters of recommendation. The earlier you ask them
for a letter of recommendation the more likely they will write you
a strong and thoughtful letter that will help your application. Finally, remember that you're applying
for an opportunity to serve our nation as an active duty
officer in the Armed Forces. No matter what service academy
you attend, no matter what service you commission in, no matter what
your job is after you commission and no matter
if you're a varsity athlete or no, the end goal must always be service. Throughout your application process, focus
on your individual desire to serve. Mention it off in your application and also mention it
as you enjoy it during interviews with all of that, good luck. As I mentioned, this is a very challenging
process, and frankly, it's by design. You're seeking the privilege
to lead and serve. Soldiers, Sailors,
Marines, Coastguardmen, or Guardians in some of the most difficult circumstances
that a person can go through. During the application process and embracing
the challenges of the service academies can offer will help you better
prepare for that one day when you stand before that group of young service members
as their officer. Please reach out to Senator Manchin's office if you have
any questions. Good luck.