We're going to kill the
AIR Act by not appointing any commissioners
whatsoever. So it is died, it has died by its own
weight. They can't have anyone recommending anyone
enforcing any of the rules until we have it
completely taken off the books. So right now it's a
good day for us not to have to worry does our
Clarksburg get changed and transformed? Does Beckley?
Does our Huntington Woody Williams facility? Are we
going to be changing in Martinsburg and closing
CBOCs? None of that is going to happen. We can
concentrate 1,000% on improving the quality of
care of each one of our facilities. Since 2018. Senator Joe
Manchin has been working to get rid of the Asset
and Infrastructure Review Act or the AIR Act. This
legislation would cut down veteran medical services
across the country, specifically here in West
Virginia. Three out of four of the state's
veteran medical facilities would be downsized as a
result of this act, including the Louis A.
Johnson VA Medical Center in Clarksburg. The Beckley VA Medical
Center is one of several across the country that
are slated for a major reduction in services. And
now US Senator Joe Manchin is fighting back. He's
introduced a bill that would essentially
eliminate the commission that made that
recommendation. Senator Joe Manchin
brought together state leaders and West Virginia
veterans in opposition of the federal
recommendations. The AIR Commission is
supposed to modernize the VA. And so far that what
we've been able to find it's been just unfairly
targeted rural areas because of population. If you ever talked to a
veteran, they'd rather go to a veteran hospital or a
veteran clinic because it's veterans serving
veterans. They understand what your needs are, and
how to best take care of you. That's the thing we
can't replace in the public service. In the
public hospitals, we don't have that dedication or
that knowledge or experience level about
what VA and VA care. That's why we fought so
hard not to get rid of it, not to change it.