Jim Sciutto: Joined now by Virginia Democratic
Senator Tim Kaine. Senator, you got a lot on your plate. So I'm trying to, I'm gonna try to get through
it as we go one by one. First on reconciliation. How confident are you that that Senator Sinema
will get on board for this? Tim Kaine: Jim, let me give you my intuition
not intel because Senator cinema has not told me and she's doing her due diligence. So she has to do that. My intuition is I'm optimistic that she's
going to be a supporter. And that is because while that not everything
in the bill is something she likes, and there's probably some things she wishes were in the
bill. And I feel the same way. There are many pieces of the bill that she
not only likes, but she's had a hand in crafting the prescription drug piece and some of the
climate provisions that she has been a strong supporter of. So she's going to do her own due diligence,
but of the various things that are worrying me right now, worrying about her support of
this bill is not top of the list. >>>Okay, Are you worried about the Senate
parliamentarian any update on whether the parliamentarian will conclude this fits the
reconciliation rules? >>>I'm confident in that as well. Now, there may be some pieces of it that the
parliamentarian may kick out, as you know, each piece has to be analyzed. And the parliamentarian has to rule that it's
primarily budgetary, not a policy change. So you could see some adjustments, but I think
the core of this bill, as announced the deal is going to hold intact, and then we just
have to go through a very long amendment process. And maybe that's a little bit more of the
worry. Are there amendments that are kind of poison
pills that cause challenges that if passed might cause problems for the bill? That's my larger worry right now is just the
amendment process. >>>Understood? Okay. Well, stay on top of it. You're working closely, not just with Senator
Sinema, but across the aisle with senators Collins and Murkowski on a reproductive freedom
for All Act in effect, codifying protections from Roe v. Wade, you have two Republicans
working with you. Can you get 10 GOP votes as necessary for
this bill? >>>Jim Jim, right now, I don't have more than
just the two. But we didn't have 60 votes for gun safety
legislation either 90 days ago. And then the tragedies in Buffalo and Texas
led us to do something we've been unwilling to do for 10 years. My view kind of post Dobbs America with stories
about 10 year olds being smuggled across state lines, you know, to get pregnancy terminated
after a rape. There's going to be stories like this every
day states passing cruel and draconian laws. I think that may move votes toward us on a
bill like the bipartisan bill that I introduced. So we're not there today. But we do need a federal statutory guarantee. And now we have more than 50 senators on the
record supporting the notion of a federal statutory guarantee, which is a good place
to start from. >>>Okay, politics, lots of primaries overnight. And as you know, Democrats were supporting. Some election deniers in these races, some
far right candidates, some of whom won, they won their primaries, and now we'll be going
to the general election to face Democrats. Do you support that effort? >>>No, I mean, look, if it were me, if I was
at the DNC and I was chair like I was 10 years ago, I wouldn't have been supporting elections
and IRAs to win races, even though it might have made it easier for us to pick up a race
in November. Don't support people who are contrary to you
know, Democratic Institutions and Values. But frankly, what you're seeing Jim is, there's
a lot of these races where Democrats aren't in it at all. And yet, those people are still winning the
election deniers in, in Maryland, the Maryland Republican gubernatorial primary to follow
Larry Hogan, a moderate Republican, the Maryland Republican Party have picked not only an election
denier, but their attorney general candidate is a 911 conspiracy theorist. And so this is who the party has become these
days, this party of Lincoln, what a tragedy. >>>Other topic that you're working on, and
you believe this vote might be coming, and that is to admit Sweden and Finland to NATO. Will their membership, in your view deter
Russia from further military aggression in Europe or make conflict more likely? >>>Jim, I think it's ultimately a deterrent. And as you know, if you polled Sweden and
Finland populations on becoming members of NATO a year ago, you would have been lucky
to get 25% but Sweden and Finland who are very capable militaries and who tend to do
things together, they've seen the reality of who Vladimir Putin is, and they want to
join with other like minded democracies to protect themselves. Putin has has made some, you know, tough statements
about them joining NATO, but it's going to end up being a huge value to NATO demonstrating
the importance of NATO adding capacity to NATO, and I think it's ultimately going to
be a strong deterrent. >>>Okay, two more topics before we go, Taiwan
Policy Act. Another thing on your plate here bipartisan
legislation, we'll provide more security assistance to Taiwan, but it also would classify Taiwan
as, quote A major non NATO ally. Does that commit the US to military action
if China were to invade? >>>Jim, you're gonna see a really robust discussion
about this in the Foreign Relations Committee. I'm a member later today. I think the many of the policies in that bill
are smart. They reflect the reality of what we're doing
right now. I think there is some language, there's some
efforts to amend or change some of the language that could be seen as potentially too forward
leaning. And I hope we do some more work to maybe align
the positions of the Senate and the administration on this bill. So you know, I'm saying stay tuned, because
I think you're gonna see more work on this. >>>Okay. final topic here. There's open talk now about President Biden
as the candidate or not as the candidate in 2024. Democratic Representative Carolyn Maloney
of New York says she does not believe President Joe Biden will run again, do you believe the
President will run in 2024? >>>I have no idea I've been asked if he does. Well, I support him. And the answer is yes. I don't know what his intentions are. I tell you, Joe Biden with the gun bill, with
the chips bill, with the veterans bill, which is not only on the burn pit issue, but it
also involves construction of new VA facilities, including in Virginia, with this climate and
inflation fighting bill. He's been on a roll in the last couple of
months in a really positive way. So I have no idea what he's going to do if
he runs I'm gonna back him. >>>Senator Tim Kaine, we know you got a lot
of work to do. We'll let you get back to it. >>>Absolutely. Thanks so much, Jim.