You're watching WALB News 10 at 5. Senator Jon Ossoff is visiting SEVERAL cities around Georgia, checking out some of the state's infrastructure and transit investments. This morning, he made a stop in Valdosta.. And got a tour of the area while riding in the city's new on- demand transit. He also shared some exciting news for South Georgians.. WALB News 10's Jennifer Morejon was there this morning and has all the details . SOT: "It was a great experience, Valdosta on demand is exactly the kind of innovation leadership, innovative initiative to improve accessibility and efficiency to help the people of Valdosta get around the area affordably and I really commend the city leadership.." VO; Along with city leaders, Senator Ossoff inspected and took a ride in their new micro transit service vehicles. The White House is currently considering a major infrastructure initiative in the U.S Senate. Ossoff says President Joe Biden has proposed significant investments in infrastructures and clean energy. The legislation will support initiatives like the Valdosta transit. SOT: "Valdosta on demand, investments in transit and infrastructure improve the quality of life for everybody. This is about helping the folks in Valdosta and across south Georgia live better lives and access services more affordably and achieve their dreams.." VO: The Senator also visited clean energy plants in North Georgia this week. And inspected ongoing efforts to deepen the Port of Savannah.. STANDUP: Senator Ossoff also announced millions of dollars worth of funding for school districts and universities in the area, including Valdosta State and Albany State. VO: Through the American Rescue Plan passed in the senate, Valdosta City Schools and Lowndes County schools will receive financial support from the federal government. VSU is getting over 27 million and ASU is getting 20 million. SOT: "We can support all of these endeavors with investments in infrastructure. these are the hubs of economic growth and innovation in our state and that's why it's so important to unite the county in a bi partisan way to pass 