I’m Greg Pinski. I’m a district judge in Great Falls and
I preside over a Veterans’ Treatment Court and an Adult Drug Treatment Court. We started the court because we were seeing an increasing number of veterans on the court dockets who were struggling with issues: invisible wounds of war, PTSD, traumatic brain injury. And those untreated issues were bringing veterans into the justice system so we needed a way to provide them with the help they need rather than send these veterans to jail or prison where they’re not going to get the help
that they need. We had one gal who graduated from our court, she’s an army veteran and when she was in the army, she experienced multiple episodes of sexual trauma while she was in the military. This trauma led her to start smoking marijuana to deal with the pain and she was eventually discharged from the military with a dishonorable discharged. Well of course she came back into the community after being discharged from the army, still had the drug problem that she was using to cope with the sexual trauma that she had experienced and so she was eventually arrested and brought before our court and we enrolled her in the Veterans’ Treatment Court. We were able to upgrade her discharge status so she received an honorable discharge, we were able to address her military sexual trauma, she was able to get substance abuse treatment through the VA, she was connected with the VA for benefits, something she had never done. She eventually was married and got the help that she needed in order to be able to reintegrate back into the community. So that’s a huge success story for someone who went through a great deal in their service to our  country. In every step of our court process Senator
Tester has been there supporting us. I mean, he’s helped us secure an implementation grant from the Bureau of Justice Assistance to get the program started. He recently secured a substantial grant of
almost $1 million for us to expand the program here and through his efforts we’ve been
able to really build an incredibly successful program and we absolutely couldn’t have
done it without him. He's been to our court on numerous occasions he’s appeared at our graduations before and celebrated the accomplishments of our veterans and through the incredible hard work that he does on behalf of Montana veterans, we’re able to have this successful program here in Cascade County. We have almost a 90% successful completion rate of the program which is just well above the national averages for veterans’ treatment courts and we have a 0% recidivism rate, so we have none of our graduates who have been convicted of a new criminal offense. And so those are just really remarkable accomplishments for a veterans’ treatment court and I'm exceptionally proud of the veterans who participated in the program and all of the people who come together to make it happen.