Hello, I'm United States
Senator Joe Manchin and I'm United States
Senator Shelley Moore Capito. Today's announcement is a
wonderful way to start the new year and truly shows
that when you put politics aside and come together,
great things happen. Nucor, the nation's
leading steel producer and North America's largest
recycler, will be making Mason County the new home
of the world's most state of the art steel mill that
will employ West Virginians in good paying
long term jobs and will spur additional
investments in the region. West Virginia's strong
history with the steel industry makes our state
the best home for this facility. And this
multibillion dollar investment will support a
rebirth of that industry for decades to come.
Through recycling, Nucor has made the United States
the cleanest place in the world to make steel. Nucor
is leading the way in producing the most
substantial steel that will build our modern 21st
century economy. And Nucor has committed to
becoming part of our community, making
significant investments of time and resources in
organizations and West Virginians in Mason County
and across our state. The significant
investments made through the Bipartisan
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act have made
West Virginia an even more attractive location to
organizations like Nucor, and as a result will
continue to attract exciting economic
development investments of this magnitude that are
transformative for the region and our people. We are both committed to
working with Nucor, their leadership team and state
and federal agencies to help them succeed here in
the Mountain State. And we would like to thank Nucor
CEO Leon Topalian, the Nucor leadership team and
the company's board of directors for choosing
West Virginia. I always say that West
Virginians are some of the hardest working people
that you'll ever meet. And I know our state is ready
to prove ourselves to Nucor and the entire steel
industry. This announcement shows Nucor
truly values our state's best asset, which is our
people.