Secretary Raimondo, thank
you for being here. Let me take you back aways and
how this all came about. In 2016, October 2016, I
brought Chairman Wheeler, because they kept telling
us we were covered. I know Shelley has gone over, we
both have been on top of this and trying to make
this work, because I couldn't figure out why
they were saying, Oh, no, your maps are covered.
Your maps are good. You're covered in this area. So I
brought Chairman Wheeler to Tucker County. And we
were at the vocational school, and he said, he
was there. And it was showing that we had good
coverage in this area with the maps that the FCC had.
So I told him at that time, I said, Why don't
you call back to your office and check to see if
you have any message, or whatever, and just use any
phone you want to, or any carrier, because it's
showing we have good coverage here and it
brought to light, he knew something was wrong. And I
said, Mr. Chairman, this is happening all over our
state. So we started these, these tests, and we
started challenging every school, every area. And it
was unbelievable. I know Shelley's office has done
the same. It's just unbelievable the response
that we received, and we start pushing and pushing
and pushing these maps, then they said they
couldn't pay for the maps. And they didn't really,
reluctant to fix it to upgrade these maps. Well,
rural America was getting left behind. Rural West
Virginia and Appalachia was definitely left
behind. So we put some things in this piece of
legislation as we were working the infrastructure
bill, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill, to
make sure that we wouldn't get left behind this time.
And we said that these areas that have no
coverage whatsoever ought to be the highest
priority. And I just want to make sure that we're on
track and that you all coordinating with the FCC
is on track to make sure that's where the first
assistance is going to go. And the highest need that
there is in the country is in the areas that have no
coverage whatsoever. And Secretary, it came more to
light during the basically this pandemic than any
time before. I had kids that couldn't do their
homework, they fell behind. Rural America fell
behind faster and further than any part of our
country. We had basically our veterans who couldn't
do telehealth, we had doctors who weren't
getting reimbursed because they couldn't do
telehealth. They were doing everything by normal
landlines or cell service. So we had to get a waiver
in order for them to get reimbursed for for
telephone health, if you will. So it's been it's
been a cadre of problems that we've had. But it's
said that basically there are at least 258,000 West
Virginians without broadband access. But
we've had estimates as high as 900,000, which is
50% of our population does not have connectivity, or
not dependable connectivity. So only
thing I can say, What steps are you taking in
the short term to make sure that these needs are
going to be met? And how can I help you? Yeah, this Thank you,
Senator. Thank you, Senator. Okay, shall I
just go Okay, shall I just go for? I have you. Yeah.
Secretary, you're on I have you. I have you
clear? Okay. Well, it's great to
see you, albeit on a screen. And Senator
Manchin, I think you need to mute. Try it again.
Okay. It's nice to see you. And it's it's
heartbreaking to listen to you talk. It's outrageous
and heartbreaking. And I'm determined to work with
you to make sure every single person in West
Virginia, every household, every small business has
high quality broadband when we're done with this
work. Yes, I will commit to you that this is an
initiative by its design, which is prioritizing,
unserved and underserved, you know, underserved is
maybe technically they have service, but it's
poor quality service. That is the explicit focus,
that is the priority, and that's where we're going
to go, to the unserved and the underserved. And the
reason we're setting this up, so that the states are
in the lead, is I'm a firm believer that the states
know in some cases, address by address, school
by school, where the dead spots are. And so we are
relying upon state broadband offices and
mayors and county commissioners and
governors to put together a plan to, you know, tell
us what they think is required in their state to
provide excellent, high quality, affordable
broadband. I also will say and Can I just chime in one
time real quick? Basically, the FCC
Chairman Rosenworcel. How are you all connected with
her making sure and what timeline does she have on
her maps? How are they doing on the maps? Because
we've been speaking and everything trying to stay
on top make sure she has the necessary funds and
also the resources and helping the urgency that
needs to be done. Because we can't do a thing
without that. Ya know, believe me, she
hears from me often. I've met with her, Alan
Davidson's met with her, we're in constant,
constant communication. She's saying summer, we
will have the maps. And so we're gonna continue to
work with her to make sure we get them as soon as we
can. But even more important that they're
accurate. You know, what I would ask
you to do it might help you all, determine where
the need is the greatest and how you can best
deliver the services there and funding, is ask for
best practices. Every state has some areas that
have an area of best practice, we have some we
have some co ops, we have a co op that's probably
one of the better ones, not only in our state, but
probably in the country. And if we can mimic that
and use their expertise and what they have found,
we can hopefully be a little bit quicker in
getting the services to the people in West
Virginia. We have a higher cost of getting service in
a rural area. So basically, we have 10% I
think there was a 10% up charge on that that would
allow for the higher cost in the more expensive
mountainous areas more rugged terrain, if you
would. These are the type of things I think we can
accelerate that. And if the state if you can let
us know how the states are cooperating with you. If
our state of West Virginia is working with you with
their broadband council, using the best practices,
giving you some ideas of how we can accelerate
that. But until the maps come back, they can tell
you what's not covered right now. But I'm not
sure the maps, I'm hoping the maps are going to be
accurate enough to show you where the need is. Yeah, absolutely. We will
work with your state. I will keep all of you
apprised as to how it's going with your state. I
would ask you to keep me apprised how you think
it's going. You're correct. There's a 10% set
aside for high cost areas which are areas which are
more expensive than the average unserved area. And
I expect whether it's West Virginia, Alaska, a lot of
your communities will be eligible for that plus up
to take into account just how expensive it is to lay
fiber in these areas.