I'm going to kick it off then  we're going to Chris. Then  Okay. Thank you.  Very good.  Good morning, everyone. What a  beautiful day it is here today.  As the vice chair of Metro and  the Chair of Metro link, I'm  pleased to welcome you all  today as we mark a great  milestone on the road to  building Metro's East San  Fernando Valley Transit  Corridor Project. Metro is so  happy today to join this press  conference organized by our  very own US Senator Alex  Padilla. because as the senator  knows, this worthwhile Project  has been a long time in the  making.  We're also pleased to have with  us so many distinguished  leaders including our  Congressman Tony Cardenas, LA  City Council President Nuri  Martinez. Labor leader Chris  Hannon, LA council Member Paul  Cricorian. When we talk about  securing more mobility, more  equity, more connectivity with  Metro link, we're talking about  the East San Fernando Valley  Transit Corridor Project. For  this reason I'm proud that at  the direction of our metro  board of directors under the  leadership of Chair Hilda  Solis, and several of my  distinguished colleagues on the  Metro Board, Mayor Eric  Garcetti, Supervisor Sheila  Kewell, and Councilman Paul  Gricorian, our agency is  aggressively moving forward  with this smartly designed and  innovative project that will  bring a better quality of life  to all the residents of the San  Fernando Valley. Thankfully, as  metro moves to build this much  needed project, Metro is  blessed to have a strong,  smart, and sure leader Our  metro CEO, Stephanie Wiggins,  who is with us today. Keep up  the great work, Stephanie.  Metro looks forward to working  hand in hand with Senator  Padilla and all the key  stakeholders here today to  ensure that the president's  recommendation of $250 million  dollars in New Start's funding  for this project is realized  later this year when Congress  writes spending bills. There  are three points I want to  emphasize before I close my  remarks. First, I want to share  my thanks to Senator Padilla  who worked to make sure the new  federal bipartisan  infrastructure law  significantly reformed federal  local hire rules which will now  let Metro ensure that people  living around this project can  get jobs building this project.  That is a big deal.  Second, I want to thank Metro's  top planner, Jim Dela Los a and  his top aides for getting this  project in the Federal  Government's new Expedited  Project Delivery Pilot Program.  And finally, I want to thank  all the key stakeholders here  today. Business, labor, public  officials, and community groups  who are pulling together with  Metro to make this welcome  project a reality. With these  three points in mind, I now a  special and proud to introduce  the US Senator in his short  time he's established a  well-deserved reputation as a  strong and effective advocate  in bringing federal  transportation back to Los  Angeles County. There was a  great article about him by the  way recently in the LA Times.  The fact that he serves on the  Senate's powerful environment  and public works committee is a  big plus for all Transportation  stakeholders across the Golden  State and especially for us at  LA Metro A brilliant and  compelling example of Senator  Padilla's effectiveness and  leadership with respect to  mobility was his work earlier  this year with President Biden  to ensure that the White House  budget for fiscal year twenty  twenty-three included $250  million dollars for the East  San Fernando Valley Transit  Corridor Project and his work  last year to secure a  five-billion-dollar earmark for  this project. Thank Senator  Padilla for being such a great  champion for the East San  Fernando Valley Transit  Corridor Project and such a  strong champion for metro's  broader efforts in Washington  DC. Now, I'd like to invite up  to the podium, the executive  secretary of the LA, Orange  County Building, Construction  and Trade Council, Mister Chris  Hannon.  Good good morning. On behalf of  a 140, thousand of the best  trained men and women in  construction, I want to thank  the solid elected leadership in  the in the United States  Senate, the US Congress and is  specifically the Biden  administration who had the  vision to get together and pass  a bipartisan infrastructure  package and without solid,  solid, fierce leaders like US  Senator Alex Padilla,  Representative Cardness, a  solid, dependable,  thoughtful metro board local  municipalities. We wouldn't  have vision And specifically  the vision of the voters of the  county of Los Angeles for  passing measure R and Measure M  which put the seed money there  which made it easier to go back  and make a case for our elected  leaders going back to DC and  competing for federal tax  dollars to come back and  leverage local tax funds here.  We're going to change the way  that Los Angeles travels. We're  going to connect up the East  San Fernando Valley with  opportunity. I want to also let  you know that our Project Labor  Agreement, the local hire  provision that was the first on  federal projects that led the  nation in innovation to connect  up local communities with the  best construction careers.  That's going to take place on  this project like it has taken  place on every other metro  project that we have going  today. Um at this time, I would  like to introduce a friend and  a fierce leader for the city of  Los Angeles. Council Member  Paul Krirkorian. Thank you.  Thank you very much, Chris Good  morning, everyone. Uh it seems  like it wasn't that long ago  when the leaders of the San  Fernando Valley were gathering  together to determine the most  important transportation  priorities of the valley and at  that time, and now, Metro had  100 transit stations on rail  lines around the county and  exactly two of them were in the  San Fernando Valley. A place  that's home to 2 million  people. 40% of the population  of the city of Los Angeles,  right here in the valley. and  there were two rail stations  and are two rail stations  serving that population. And  all of us in the valley came  together united in a way that I  have never seen before to  demand more And we delivered  more when Measure M was passed  with its funding guarantees for  projects that met the  priorities the San Fernando  Valley including this one. Um  and so it this is a big step  forward. Thanks to the leaders  that are standing here and  speaking today. This is a big  step forward for Transit in the  San Fernando Valley. But it's  so much more than that. Because  Metro is committed to building  affordable housing on its  properties adjacent to these  lines. Uh throughout the  county. Um Metro will be  committed soon. Thanks to the  motions that I've recently  introduced. To increasing our  tree canopy along all of these  lines where we're making these  Investments and importantly, as  Chris just mentioned and Azara  mentioned, to local hire.  Thanks to the work that Senator  Padilla and Congressman  Cardenas have been championing  in congress to ensuring that  when we build these lines, we  give job opportunities and  opportunities for small  businesses to flourish as well  because it's not enough just to  move people. We gotta get  people back to work and we have  to improve their quality of  life and that's what the East  San Fernando Valley corridor  will will do and I have to say  to. This is a rare time in  valley history. Look behind me  right now. And when you see our  congressman, our United States  Senator, and the president of  the Los Angeles City Council,  all from this neighborhood. All  families who grew up here, all  coming from places in this  neighborhood, and still, to  this day, fighting for this  neighborhood. That's why we're  where we are today. And That's  why we have the blessings of  this funding that Senator  Padilla and Congressman  Cardines are going to be  delivering for this line so  that we can have full funding  and get this very important  project done and it would never  have happened without the  advocacy, the persistence, the  diligence, the strength of our  council president who has  always made this line her her  highest transportation priority  that she's fought for  relentlessly. I couldn't be  prouder to introduce our  council president, Council  Member Nori Martin us.  Thank you, Paul. It's so great  to be here this morning. This  project is a very is very  special significance for me. I  grew up with Senator Padilla  and Congressman Ricardenas in  Pacoima. All three of us are  San Fernando High School alums.  Go Tigers. And growing up, my  dad never drove and he was a  dishwasher and he had his job  right up the street in Sherman  Oaks. Every day, he took the  bus from our home in Pacoima  down Venice Boulevard to  Riverside Drive in in Sherman  Oaks. Um to the restaurant  where he was a dishwasher. The  people in the San Fernando  Valley have been fighting for  this trend for decades. Yet,  yet, again and again, we're  told to wait our turn. But now,  finally, the Northeast San  Fernando Valley will be  connected to the metro system.  Passengers will be able to use  this line to hop on the  metrolink or the Amtrak at this  station or the orange line in  Van Nuys. And someday, we'll be  able to go over the hill to  West LA on the Sepulvera Pass  Line. Through this project,  we'll be connected to  opportunities, opportunities  like jobs, and education and  cultural facilities in open  space. Like me growing up, so  many of my families in my  district that I represent don't  have that extra gas money to  head to the beach on a hot day.  One day, very soon, a family  from Panorama City will be able  to escape the summer heat by  using this train to take their  kids to the beach. This train  would also be a key to  unlocking further investments  in these communities. The areas  around this station can become  vibrant hubs new affordable  housing and retail. It brings  me so much pride. You have no  idea, so much pride that three  kids from Pacoima, children of  immigrants were able to make  this project a reality and help  other working immigrant  families in the same  communities that we grew up in.  This is what happens when  elected representation looks  like us that grew up in these  districts that get to represent  the very people that we grew up  with. And every and as an  elected official born and  raised in the Northeast San  Fernando Valley. I know that  people in Los Angeles want  better transportation. And the  voters past measure R and  Measure M to fund  Transportation Projects to ease  traffic and to expand public  transportation. Through these  funding, the funding of Measure  R and Measure M and thanks to  Senator Padilla and Congress  member Cardenas and the funds  from the American Rescue Plan  and the bipartisan  infrastructure bill. In the  future. Instead of waiting for  the bus, people will be able to  ride a beautiful train Van Nuys  Boulevard. These projects in  this area is just one way for  residents in my district to be  able to access good-paying jobs  in the future. Jobs that may be  able to pay a little bit more.  Jobs that may have been never  been considered without a car  and now a possibility because  of this train. And we are not  just building a train. We are  creating pathways into the  middle class. Because this  project will be built with good  union jobs and to make sure  that the people who live here  in the Northeast San Fernando  Valley benefit from these jobs.  And before I introduce my good  friend Congress member Tony  Cardenas, I'd like to make some  remarks in Spanish.  Yo quesi con Pacoima. Boulevard  at Sherman Oaks. las personas  del valle de San Fernando han  estado luchando por por décadas  pero una y otra vez nos siguen  diciendo que tenemos que  esperar nuestro turno pero  ahora finalmente el valle del  noreste será conectado al  sistema metro los pasajeros  podrán estar en línea para  montar el metro o met o el  antrack en esta estación o la  línea naranja en Banais y algún  podrán ir a en la línea a  través de esto se conectarán a  oportunidades, oportunidades  como empleos, educación,  instalaciones culturales y  espacio abierto, un día muy  cercano, una familia de la  ciudad de Panamá City. Podré  escapar el calar el calor  durante el verano y llevar a  sus familias a la playa. Para  disfrutar del día. Me da  muchísimo orgullo de que tres  personas de Pacoima hicieron  este proyecto realidad. de Los  Ángeles quiere transportación,  los votantes votaron pa la  medida R y M para financiar el  proyecto de transporte para  calmar el tráfico y expandir  las las oportunidades de de  transportación. A través del  financiamiento de estas medidas  y los fondos de la American  Rescue Plan en el futuro en vez  de esperar a un autobús la  gente podrá montar un bello  tren a través de la de Banage  Boulevard y eso es lo que gente  trabajadora de este de esa área  se merecen.  De California twenty nine  Congress of the strick my good  fand and pell high school San  Fernando High School don  Congreso Rumbertoni Cárdenas.  gracias Mary thank you so much  nuri I just want to make it  clear. We're all San Fernando  High School alum but I'm the  veteran of the group. I was  about 10 years before these  great, brilliant, good-looking  young people behind me. Today  is a beautiful day that has  culminated in generations of  battles and fighting that go on  for a community that far too  often was forgotten and that's  not happening anymore. Because  as was mentioned earlier, we  have people who grow up in this  community, who know what it is  to fight, who know what it is  to be called an underdog, and  shrug it off and say it doesn't  matter where I start. It's what  I'm going to do to make a  difference for today and  tomorrow and for the next  generation. I want to thank my  former colleague Paul Cocorian  A lot of people don't realize  where he gets his drive and why  he's so good at what he does as  a make a difference councilman.  One day we were serving on the  city council and there was a  big fight and people said it  can't be solved. It's too  complicated. Leave it alone.  And I went to park according  and I said hey the taxi drivers  aren't getting treated right by  the city of Los Angeles. And  their future is in jeopardy  unless we do something about  it. And that's the day that I  realized why Paul Cacorian is  so darn good at what he does.  He says my dad was a cab driver  when he went to the city  council and made the  presentation after we did the  work to lay the groundwork, we  got a unanimous vote to solve  that problem and he's been  doing that everyday since he's  been elected as a public  servant of our community. So,  thank you Paul. Not only for  what you do today but for not  forgetting what you were taught  by your parents and your  community. That as an elected  official, as a public servant,  as someone who's supposed to  serve, it's not about me, it's  about we. I want to also thank  Nori Martinez, the council  president, the first Latina  Council President of the Los  Angeles City Council, who's  holding down the  responsibility. Yes, ladies and  gentlemen. It's not the mayor  who's the most powerful person  in the city. It's the city  council that yields the power  in the second largest city in  the country, in our great city.  So, thank you for doing such a  wonderful job, Marie. My fellow  Pacoiman and also a daughter of  immigrants like Paul, myself,  and Alex Padilla. You're  probably wondering wow. This  congressman gets to announce  the future $250 million  dollars, the millions of  dollars that we brought already  today to this project. But  that's not what makes me proud  to be at this podium. I get to  introduce our United States  Senator, United States Senator  Alex Padilla. I met this young  man when he was about 21 years  old and I was being challenged  to break a barrier to be the  first person elected from  Pacoima to go to Sacramento.  And I had made a decision yet  but I told this young man, if I  run for office, will you run my  campaign? He stood up tall He  shook my hand and he said, I'll  do it. Remember this young man  graduated from MIT. I met him  when he was going through the  Coral Foundation. He was  going to get job offers that  far exceeded anything that his  humble parents had ever dreamed  of making in their lifetime.  and he chose to work for my  campaign for next to nothing.  To break a barrier. He helped  me become the first. But  immediately Alex and I said  that means there's a bigger  responsibility. You can't be  the last. I say that I'm  responsible, jokingly. I'm  responsible for getting Alex  Padilla's political career  started. But my wife, who's far  brighter than me, far more  intuitive. One day, she said, I  have the perfect woman to  introduce to our single, young,  good-looking friend, Alex  Padilla. Angela, I'll be honest  with you. I said no. I don't  not into playing Cupid. Uh just  just stop Norma. Don't do it.  And she did it anyway. Like I  said she's more intuitive and  smarter than me. So, we  introduced Alex Padilla to now  his beautiful wife, Angela and  they're raising three beautiful  children. The next generation  of San Fernando Valley  children. The reason why I  mentioned that to you is  because when I met Alex Pillia,  the reason why I asked him to  be a part of my life, the  reason why I asked him to help  be a change maker for the San  Fernando Valley was because I  saw in him someone who cares  about the community. It's not  about him. It's not about how  much money he makes. It's not  about what he can do for  himself. It's about what we can  do for the we, for the  community and that's why we  stand here today poised. To  bring another $250 million  dollars to this San Fernando  Valley Project. To bring 14 new  stations was mentioned. Only  two stations so far. Now, we're  going to have fourteen new  stations right here in the San  Fernando Valley. What a game  changer. That's why I'm excited  because I get sent to  Washington to do an awesome  job. And what an honor it is  every single day that I'm  there. But now I have a  champion over my shoulder. Who  when I speak they don't shutter  when I speak. But they shutter  when I say maybe we gotta talk  to the senator about that. Uh  huh. Alright. And we are today.  So, today, I want to just thank  the community for giving  Senator Alex Biel the  opportunity to be a  representative for us for over  two decades and someone who I  believe his future is brighter.  Than most anybody else in this  country. Why? Because his  immigrant parents taught him  how to be a we, not a me.  Senator Alex Padilla  Iva la verdad, la verdad es que  somos iguales. Cada persona  merece lo mejor. Y lo que  estamos aquí anunciando es que  vamos a agregar el mejor  sistema de transporte que hemos  visto en toda la historia del  Valle de San Fernando y vamos a  ver que la gente van a  apreciarlo y la van a utilizar  para mejor sus vidas. Sogüeta a  view are great sender from that  California united sate Alex  Padilla  Happiness. Now, I'm wondering  what the ask is. What's the  agenda? Uh thank you  Congressman Gareth Anas and all  my colleagues in public  service, Council President  Martinez, Council Member  Kuklorian, leaders of Metro  Organized Labor, and as was  referenced, business leaders,  community leaders for being  here and what is a great day  for the San Fernando Valley.  It's it is a celebration Uh and  it wouldn't be possible without  the collaboration of so many  partners. You know when  Councilmember Martinez  referenced and Councilman  reference. Those of us that  have grown up together. It's  not that we're all happen to be  in elected office at the same  time. The fact that we are  cooperating and collaborating.  I believe that's what our  mutual constituents expect. And  deserve. For their elected  officials at all levels of  government to work together to  improve our quality of life.  And what better example than to  rally around Public Transit.  Public Transit strengthens our  economy by connecting workers  with jobs. It strengthens our  economy by connecting local  businesses with our customers.  And that's why I'm proud to  support the renewal and  expansion of LA Metro. Just a  couple things I want to offer.  It's sort of a broader context  for today's announcement. So it  was last summer that I visited  the metro's purple Line  Expansion Project as part of my  infrastructure listening tour.  In my early days as United  States Senator, we knew that  one of the goals, one of the  agendas for this congress and  for President Biden was to  advance a illusive  infrastructure package. Many  presidents, many congresses had  tried and come up short. But we  wanted to get it done and to  to help inform what my  priorities would be on behalf  of California and that  infrastructure project, I  traveled to Northern  California, Southern  California, everywhere in  between and viewing the  infrastructure project that LA  Metro had underway convinced me  to go fight. Go fight for more.  And I'm proud to report back on  the funding that we've secured  to support LA Metro. Yes,  during the challenges of the  COVID-19 pandemic. But also as  we are looking to build a more  sustainable future far beyond  the pandemic. In January, LA  Metro received more than $1. 2  billion dollars from the  American Rescue Plan. A plan  that Congressman Cardela Sinai  voted for last March. Now, this  money is helping stations keep  up with the return of workers  and visitors to trains and  buses as it seems like the  COVID numbers are coming down.  People are coming back out.  We're coming back to work.  We're coming out to shop. We're  coming out to recreate and  public Transit starting here  with LA Metro needs to be ready  and will be ready. Now, it's  also great to see the results  of federal funding right here  at the Van Nuys Metro link  Station where the East San  Fernando Valley Light Rail  Project is taking off. A  practice has secured $5 million  dollars for this project in the  bipartisan appropriations  package. That was approved  incident to law last month by  the president. So, different  bucket The American Rescue  Plan, that was a little bit  more than a year ago. The  bipartisan infrastructure law,  that was last fall. The  appropriations bill signed into  law last month and fourth,  proud to say  that President Biden has  proposed another $250 million  dollars in the budget for  twenty twenty-three. He must  have really liked it when we  included in the appropriations  package. That's a good project.  We need a lot more. So, here's  $250 million dollars and now  congressman and I will fight to  protect it. If not, maybe grow  that number as the budget works  its way through congress But  wait, there's more. We're also  working with the Transportation  Transportation Secretary  Buttidge to make one of his  first initiatives funded  through the Federal Transit  Administration's Expedited  Project Delivery Program be  this one. It would mean another  $700 million dollars of federal  funding for this project and  help accelerate the  construction and delivery  timetable. Why because we know  how much the families and  workers of the San Fernando  Valley need and deserve the  benefits that come from these  new connections and better  public service. Wanna talk for  a moment just as my colleagues  have on what it means to me  personally because yes, I too  grew up here in the Northeast  San Fernando Valley. I remember  riding the buses when we used  to refer to them once upon a  time as the RTD.  and felt like you were growing  up when you could buy your pass  and we used to take either the  the Laurel Canyon line all the  way to North Hollywood to go to  a movie if he was playing at  the UA or along Van Nuys  Boulevard to what was once the  Americana here in Panorama  City. If that's where the movie  was playing. To the Panorama  Mall where I got my first job.  Remember my mom. On the days  that our second car wasn't  working which happened a lot.  Taking the bus all the way up  Laurel Canyon which ended at  Ventura and from there she  started walking up the hills  into Studio City to go clean  houses because that's what my  mom did  So, when the congressman, the  council member, and I and  others share these personal  connections with growing up in  the valley and our connections  with public transit. It is  personal and we're not sorry  for taking our job personally.  I've had the benefit of a once  upon a time being an intern at  Metro and being part of  dedication ceremonies of  Redline Station and Blue Line  Stations. I remember working as  a staff member to then assembly  member Tony Cardenas when the  idea of state funding to  accelerate the orange line  concepts first came about  working with Dennis Some of  Member Cardenas to make sure  that it wasn't just an orange  line that would run east west  but that we would get a project  underway that would help  connect the south part of the  valley with the north and  northeastern part of the  valley. That's along this has  been in the making because it  was important to us to know  that LA Metro and the rail  system didn't just reach the  San Fernando Valley but that it  would serve the San Fernando  Valley and with the funding  that is coming that exactly  what will be happening. Now,  back to the big picture.  Investing in public transit is  absolutely critical. It's  critical not just to our daily  life, our quality of life, but  to our economic recovery as a  region and as a nation. By  investing in public transit, we  support good jobs. Yes, for  those who will be constructing  and building the rail systems.  But also to the Transit Workers  who will operate and maintain  public transit for all to enjoy  and in the process we'll be  doing our part to reduce air  pollution. It's a significant  strategy in our efforts to  battle climate change And we're  creating lower cost options,  lower cost travel options for  families particularly now with  so many of us are feeling the  pinch at the pump. Now is the  time for the federal government  to step up and continue to  commit to our long-term  investments for lower transit  costs. And that's why I was  proud to support the American  Rescue Plan and the bipartisan  infrastructure which in and of  itself is the largest federal  investment in transportation,  infrastructure in our nation's  history. It's a big deal. It's  a big deal, folks. And before I  conclude, I too want to offer  just a few brief remarks in  Spanish.  Public El Transport Publico. No  solo una Madera the Servira  famile estrabajadoras. Pero  Fortal  a trabajadores con sus sitios  de empleo a conectar  consumidores, con empresarios,  empresas locales. Es por eso  que soy orgulloso de apoyar la  renovación y expansión de LA  Metro. En enero ah hay  aseguramos más de uno punto dos  mil millones de dólares a  través del plan de rescate  americano para apoyar los de  metro durante los días más  difíciles de la pandemia. Pero  es importante no solo invertir  en el servicio temporal pero  invertir con la visión al  futuro sabiendo que inversión  en transporte público es una  estrategia para recuperar  económicamente también. Es  sirviendo a la comunidad  sirviendo a a trabajadores  ofreciendo mejor servicios en  cual dependemos tantos tantos  trabajadores esenciales tantos  trabajadores invirtiendo en el  transporte público es  fundamental en verdad para la  recuperación económica después  de esta pandemia y en el  proceso estamos creando más  opciones de bajo costo para las  familias que están sintiendo el  impacto de los precios altos en  la gasolinera y seguiremos  trabajando no solo yo su  servidor pero todos los los  servidores públicos que ven  aquí juntos trabajaremos juntos  para  ah llamando al gobierno federal  que siga invirtiendo a largo  plazo en nuestro tránsito  público  public have time for cup of  cuestions be for you rap and  ópera  right thank you very muster  coming 