>> Thank you so much for having me again. >> In November of 2004, a 36-year-old army captain was during a routine mission she described as a grocery run. The helicopter took a hit from a rocket propelled grenade. She lost both legs as well as marshal use of her arm. A phone call from Illinois would change her lifing her a new mission. She went to be to be elected the congress before winning an Illinois senate seat in 2016. Last week for the first time since she was injured in action 15 years ago, she returned to Iraq on a bipartisan congressional delegation the meet with Iraqi leaders and assess the military and political situation on the ground. Joins me now from capitol hill. It's a great pleasure. Thank you very much. I want to ask you ab the emotions you experienced returning to Iraq. How difficult was that for you? >> It wasn't difficult. I've been waiting to go back for a long time, but I will tell you, when I stepped into Baghdad off of the fixed wing aircraft and into a helicopter for the first time, it was very much a flashback moment that the sights, the smell, the sound of the aircraft, the smell of the hydraulic fluid, the you know and I felt very disjointed to be sitting in the back as a senator and not in the cockpit as a pilot. So it was you know, it took me a Mont to gather myself and focus on what I was there to do. >> And I read that you also had moments of regret that you weren't with the troops because you so enjoyed your service. >> I did. I really felt likelonged with them. I needed to be in uniform, not in my civilian clothes. It's hard because ever since I was wounded, I wanted to go back to my unit. These were not my troops. The American troops they're all of our troops, not my particular U it just felt very strong to be on the outside and watch these amazing men and women doing a really important job for us and not be part of that team. It's not my job to make sure we live up to their sacrifices and we make good decisions here in Washington to support the work we do. >> I know you're concerned about the Iraqi leadership with our troop, how long we need to stay and ISIS and the threat they still pose despite our victories and now, baghdadi has reappear Ed for the first time, the CIA and other organizations intelligence community organizations are not saying that they authenticated this video that has appeared, but they're not arguing that it does appear to be authentic. The first time in five years. The ISIS re-group and still be a threat to Iraq and to us? >> Well, now that I've been to Iraq this past week, I would say yes. Iraq is very much on the they can backslide and re-group. In fact I found out they're still making payments. They have the capacity to make payments to the ISIS widows and phans in these camps. There are B about 30,000 women and children who are ISIS supporters. The most hard core supporters sitting out there and the Iraqi leadership as not come up with a plan to deal with these 30,000 people. 10,000 are children under the age of 5. Right now, the Iraqi leadership is aing we'll put them in a camp in the desert. You're just allowing ISIS to re-group and grow the next generations, the fighters who will come back and shoot at American helicopters again, so we have to maintain engagement with Iraq its leadership to push them and move forward. With the refugees, to build a really stable democracy so they can truly fight ISIS, but ISIS elements are still very much active if underground. >> The president is hour is just tweeting after a briefing at the white house just now that we have 1800 ISIS prisoners taken hostage and our final battle to destroy 100% of the caliphate in Syria. Decisions are being made on what to do. European countries are not helping even though this was done for their benefit, they're refusing to take back prisoners from their countries. Not good. Seems like a casual way to approach this. >> This is very typical of the president, isn't it? Makes decisions to pull troops out of Syria without talking to ground commanders or diplomats. The issue of ISIS is an international issue. Not just for Iraqis to worry B not just for Americans. It's for everyone to worry about because tlps of ISIS, even though they don't physically control territory, they have all of these people that if we don't deal with them, are just going the re-group and wait for them next chance to reemerge and we can't allow that to happen.