I know there's been back and forth on whether
Acting Secretary Wolf should have been here, whatever the reason, given that this is a
worldwide threats hearing, the secretary should have come here and this idea that someone
under Senate confirmation can't appear, is actually factually incorrect. I know that since I was under Senate confirmation
when I was called to testify many times. Let me ask about, Mr. Ray, you've been really
helpful and just being straight and clear about kind of the threats that are going on
out there. Can you talk about level of effort on extremist
violence, domestic extremist violence? You've talked about in this hearing how you're
seeing -- 2019 I think you said was one of the greatest levels of domestic violence we've
seen in the country for some time since Oklahoma City. Can you tell me how many cases you have open,
and if you don't know the exact number just approximately, you have open on groups that
are white supremacists versus groups that are coming from the left, just level of effort
of that the FBI is employing right now. Well, I'm trying to think of what I can say. Certainly, off the top of my head on numbers. I mean I will say that, let me start with
this: as a general rule we have each year, lately, we've been having roughly 1000 domestic
terrorism investigations, a year, it's higher than that this year. You know, a good bit north of 1000 this year. I know that we've had about 120 arrests for
domestic terrorism this year. Now, that number of investigations thousand
plus and 120 arrests. That's domestic terrorism, across the board,
right. Everything from racially motivated violence
extremists to violent anarchist extremists, militia type, sovereign citizens, you name it. Of the domestic terrorism threats, we last
year, elevated racially motivated violent extremism. To be a national threat priority commensurate
with homegrown violent extremists that's the jihadist-inspired people here and with ISIS. So, let me, because that's important, right. What you're saying is, the level of threat
from domestic terrorists across the board, regardless of ideology, is at the same level
as homegrown terrorists that have connections to a foreign terrorist organization. Is that -- did I hear you correctly? We are treating it as a commensurate priority
in terms of warranting our intention to resources But I mean I'm assuming you're giving it that
attention because it deserves that attention. Because the threat has elevated from a time
when, I mean I'm a former CIA officer, we were doing a lot of foreign terrorism Nexus
stuff, you know 2005, 2006, 2007 through the last 10 years. So it's interesting I think that domestic
terrorism has elevated in the FBI eyes. Yes. And, I think the thing that we're all struggling
with is, you know, there are these homegrown terrorists of every flavor and type, but just
in the number of either cases or arrests, how many of them are white supremacist? What is the, if not the exact number, Is it
the same as other types of domestic terrorism, is it higher? Just give us a level of approximate numbers. Well, what I can tell you is that, within
the domestic terrorism bucket category as a whole. Racially motivated extremism is I think the
biggest bucket within that larger group. And within the racially motivated extremists
bucket, people subscribing to some kind of white supremacist type ideology is certainly
the biggest chunk of that. That's very helpful. I don't have numbers for you. That's very helpful. So there, the white supremacists are the largest
chunk of the racially motivated domestic terrorists. Yes. Let me also say that and I would also add
to that that racially motivated violent extremists over recent years, have been responsible for
the most lethal activity in the US. Now this year, the lethal attacks domestic
terrorism lethal attacks we've had. I think all fit in the category of anti-government
anti-authority, which covers everything from anarchist violent extremists to militia types. We don't really think in terms of left-right. Yep, I understand. That's not the way we look at the world. I understand. And then, just in my last seconds, I'll be
submitting some questions for the record for Mr. Wolf commensurate with the questions that
I submitted to Chairman Milley on the role of the Department of Homeland Security in
and around our elections and the peaceful transition of power.