Hi everyone, I'm Zach Nunn coming to you from
the Iowa Senate. With me today is one of our strong advocates
who has been with us, leading a very important effort, Tiffany Allison. Can you introduce yourself and talk to us
about the group you lead right now? My name is Tiffany Allison and I am a domestic violence survivor and the executive director of Soaring Hearts, which is a non-profit here
in central Iowa that advocates passionately for victims of violent crimes. We also work on proactive ways to serve the
community. So, not only does Tiffany speak as a survivor,
but she speaks as a voice for so many other survivors and victims out there. Tiffany, can you share a little, as much as
you feel comfortable, about what got you passionate about this cause? So, I felt like in my normal life, prior to
victimization, I had a pretty good idea of how the criminal justice system works, but
after I got involved in an abusive relationship, and had incidents occur where law enforcement
became involved, I started going through the court process, and I realized that I had a
very skewed view of what that actually looked like. I felt like I didn't have all the information
I needed. So, based on my experience, I was not informed
enough, and there were just a lot of surprises like that throughout the entire process. And I wanted to change that for people going
forward. To get them the information that they need. So, Tiffany comes to us as an everyday citizen
who is trying to make better public policy for the state of Iowa. Last year, when I was Chairman of Judiciary,
we worked on a bill that built on what it *really* means to be a habitual violent offender,
somebody who is convicted time and time again. In separate courts. Convicted of heinous acts against other individuals
in our state. We wanted to make sure that they served a
sentence -- and that they were not getting out or released early for "good time" or other
parole reasons. Tiffany, talk to us a little bit about what
legislation we have worked on together at the Statehouse, and where we can move forward
in Iowa. Last year, we passed a "Third Strike" domestic
violence and stalking and harassment and unauthorized placement of GPS bill. That bill did a lot. It lessened good time opportunities for people
on their third strike offenses. It made it easier to prosecute stalking, in
that it lessened the degree to "reasonable fear"from "fear of bodily injury," and it
also made it illegal to track victims using GPS devices without their knowledge. To most of the public, I think that was a
surprise that that was not already a law! Absolutely correct. Now we're here in 2019 moving into a new Senate
session. I serve on the Senate Judiciary committee
and as Vice Chair of Judicial Appropriations [budget]. What we're looking at is building on the success
we've already established. Talking about very powerful bills going forward. Tell me, what should we be looking for going
forward? So, we have two key bills. One is a violent habitual offender bill, similar
to the one last year. But it broadens the scope to any person victimized
by robbery, burglary, homicide. We want to make sure we're treating those
offenders sufficiently in the justice system. We want to make sure that the sentence is
long enough to potentially give them any rehabilitation they need. And we definitely want to keep them far away
from victims. The other bill that we have is the lethality
assessment. This is really cool, so tell them what this
lethality assessment is. Yeah, it is something that we get to do in
the proactive sense -- instead of a reactive sense. Basically, it is an assessment that law enforcement
would use on every call that they go on to give offenders a score of how likely they
are to escalate future situations to a homicidal level. They are given a score by the law enforcement
that follows them through the justice system. Tiffany, you're already teaching this at the
Iowa Law Enforcement Academy? Yes. So here, we have the opportunity to take on
a preventative measure to help lower risk -- before it escalates to violence. A remediation process that once someone is
detained, because they have broken the law, we keep them in a correctional facility or
into a detention program and monitoring them so they don't cause even more damage. Those offenders need to be in a correctional
facility until they can either get their act together or until they serve out their full
sentence. With that, we have a very smart on crime but
tough on crime approach. It gets offenders engaged early on in the
remediation process. Perhaps most important, it works with the
survivor so that individuals out there who are victims of crime don't become injured
or harmed, as sadly can be the case, harmed irreparably by this. So Tiffany, cannot thank you enough for what
you do for Iowa, thanks for being a leader on policy. If anyone's trying to get a hold of you, your
organization, what's the best way to reach you? Soaring Hearts Foundation. Our website is www.SoaringHearts.org or you
can email me at Tiffany.Allison@SoaringHearts.Org. Check the comments section; we'll have that
down there for you. Thank you 
so much!