Hey everyone, my name is Zach Nunn and we're down here today for pharmacy day on the Hill and we are talking with folks who are going to be future pharmacists, both from Drake University and U of Iowa They're students who are making pharmacy their primary professional activity going forward Kelly and Amber, if you could share with us how you got interested in pharmacy As well as where you go to school and a bit about the program Thank you Zach! My name is Kelli and I go to Drake University, where I have been very active in advocating for the profession since I began. We're here today to show people just how accessible pharmacists can be. In the state of Iowa, some people struggle with finding quality care. And pharmacists can really be those people who Iowans don't have to schedule an appointment for Almost every community in Iowa has a pharmacy, and we want to be that place where people can come to. It's that first place of contact where people can go for healthcare decision-making and deciding what's best for them. Absolutely. And Kelli, if I have it right, you're also the national representative for pharmacy here, right? Yes, I'm the president-elect for the American Pharmacy Association national Academy of student pharmacists. So I have the privilege of representing 36,000 student pharmacists, and especially representing Iowa It's a huge privilege for me to represent us at that national level, too. Well, we are so glad you're there. Now, Amber, Tell us a little bit about you. I'm a second year pharmacy student at the University of Iowa, and I think it's so important, what you said, For us to be here today because students make up such a large part of our profession We want to learn and advocate for what we feel is important. Especially at Iowa, and I know Drake does , too, they really set us up for success and they teach us how important it is to be here, to talk to state legislators. And I think a lot of them really appreciate a chance to talk to us, too. We want to learn -- we are going to be the future and we want to be educated. One of the things important to us  [Iowans] is that not only are you medical professionals, But often you're small business owners. You are going out, starting your own entity, To serve your community You have to be good in finance You have to be good in marketing You have to be good with people skills And a huge aspect is: How do we recruit and retain both of you to look at staying in Iowa after you graduate Are there things where you're saying, hey, this is the area of pharmacy I'd like to go into? So I'm definitely keeping my options open But I do think that growing up in Iowa, I have definitely seen the impact That a pharmacist can have in a community. So for that reason I'm very interested in Independent, community pharmacies and not only being a pharmacist, but also being an active community member. I'm also interested in areas like pediatric pharmacy, ambulatory care pharmacy, really being that point of contact for someone, to help them And being not only that first person they see, but managing Their chronic diseases or conditions always and really showing them that we care -- not only about their numbers but also them as people. And how about you, what are you thinking about for after graduation? So, I mean, I have done a lot of research and and internships within the business side of pharmacy So I'm very interested in the administrative work and things of that sort I like to think about pharmacy as being a very broad profession I want to affect people on that level because just like in a community pharmacy, in a board room we need pharmacists, too We won't have anyone to advocate for people if we don't have anyone who represents our perspective Very important. And you mentioned keeping people in Iowa, I don't think it's that hard! In our profession, we have often gotten a lot of chances already to go outside of the state, and see different experiences and definitely being here in Iowa, it's more of a family, warm atmosphere So I don't think it's very hard! We're off to a really good start! Good call! Keep up that message -- it's very important! Affordable cost of living, good place to start a family, So with that, the last thing I wanted to do is highlight that you're actually down here advocating for some legislation policy issues As a number of young people head off to college, at 17 or 18, Talk to me a little bit about how they can better prepare themselves To go off to University or move out So there are required vaccines as students enter their college journey Right now in the state of Iowa, pharmacists can only administer those vaccines if people are 18 and older So I work at a pharmacy right now, actually, and we have people come in, they're 17, and they need the Meningococcal vaccine before they go, but unfortunately according to current state laws, they can't have a pharmacist provide that vaccine So it's kind of getting in the way of providing that vaccine and having accessible care So now the Iowa pharmacy association is helping to pass some legislation that would bring that age down to 6. Pharmacists are highly trained professionals. And we learn how to administer vaccines to people under 18. So with lowering that age, we can increase that access to affordable, convenient care. And provide that more convenient space for people to protect themselves against diseases And also helping educate families and getting feedback from families about what vaccines are appropriate for a child at that point in their lives Absolutely. As pharmacists, we want to be with the patient for the whole process, not just one point in time. So we want to keep work on educating people in our community about how to stay safe. It's one of our main priorities. Great. Well, here's the future of rural Iowa. Of Iowa in general. Being able to have a medical provider in your community who can help you through a lifetime of health and healthy living From very young, all the way through our lives So, don't forget about your pharmacists, and thank you very much for being down here on the Hill.